Train:
input: what are the specific detailsof backsplash and counters?
target: what are the specific detailsof backsplash and counters? honed? lovely
output: what are the specific detailsof backsplash and counters? i love the backsplash! what is the specific detailsof backsplash and counters?

input: can you please tell me dimensions?
target: beautiful kitchen. can you please tell me dimensions? thanks!
output: dimensions. i love this layout and want to do something similar in my kitchen. can you please tell me dimensions?

input: what are the dimensions of each stool area?
target: island . what are the island dimensions? what are the dimensions of each stool area?
output: what are the dimensions of each stool area? i love this layout and am trying to figure out if i should stick to the traditional dimensions. thanks!

input: are the electrical outlets and switches under the cabinets?
target: electrical outlets . are the electrical outlets and switches under the cabinets? if so, what brand did you use and is there a gfi (?) outlet? thank you!
output: electrical outlets. are the electrical outlets and switches under the cabinets? what are the dimensions? what size are they?

input: please tell me where i can purchase these stools.
target: stools . please tell me where i can purchase these stools. thank you
output: stools. please tell me where i can purchase these stools. thank you

input: what kind of wood are the cabinets because the finish is fairly even toned.
target: what color/application is on the cabinets? it looks to me like a washed stain, but not really sure. what kind of wood are the cabinets because the finish is fairly even toned. thank you,
output: what is the finish on the cabinets? what is the finish on the cabinets? what is the finish on the cabinets? what is the finish on the cabinets? what is the finish of the cabinets? what is the finish on the cabinets? what is the finish of the cabinets? what is the finish of the cabinets and the finish of the cabinets. what is the finish of the cabinets and the cabinet

input: can you please please please tell me what brand the large black industrial pendants over the island are?!?!
target: pendants! can you please please please tell me what brand the large black industrial pendants over the island are?!?! been looking for these everywhere for my new kitchen!
output: pendants. can you please please please tell me what brand the large black industrial pendants over the island are? ! ! ! thanks!

input: could you share the source/type regarding the counter tops?
target: countertops? beautiful kitchen! could you share the source/type regarding the counter tops?
output: counter tops. could you share the source/type regarding the counter tops? thank you!

input: could you provide me with brand?
target: fireplace . love the fireplace! could you provide me with brand?
output: i love the pendant lights. could you provide me with brand? thank you!

input: would love some info about the glass?acrylic ?
target: would love some info about the glass?acrylic ? kitchen table. does the table come in different sizes? it looks expandable.i love the look.
output: would love some info about the glass? acrylic? what color/stain? thanks!

input: i am wondering how much space you left between the back of the stove and the window?
target: distance from window to back of rais . hi, i am building a home with a very similar setup . a rais in front of a large window. i am wondering how much space you left between the back of the stove and the window? my code in canada states 16" but my contractor left 22" . feeling like this is way too much. thanks!
output: distance between the stove and window. i am wondering how much space you left between the back of the stove and the window? thanks!

input: what is the color of the grey cabinets?
target: cabinet color . love this kitchen, great eye for the designer. what is the color of the grey cabinets?
output: what is the color of the grey cabinets? i love this kitchen! what is the color of the grey cabinets?

input: is the hardware polished chrome or nickel?
target: is the hardware polished chrome or nickel? and the faucet as well? i could not find any information on the hardware amongst all the questions. thank you so much. this is a beautiful kitchen.
output: hardware. is the hardware polished chrome or nickel? what is the finish?

input: are these the 10.5" or the 13.5" diameter everly pendants?
target: pendant size? great kitchen! are these the 10.5" or the 13.5" diameter everly pendants? thanks you!
output: pendant size. are these the 10.5" or the 13.5" diameter everly pendants? thanks!

input: i think the large size light in this fixture would be better ( 16" x 20") do you know which size of this light fixture was used?
target: our new home . we are building a home and have a 126 x 48 island. i think the large size light in this fixture would be better ( 16" x 20") do you know which size of this light fixture was used? small or large?
output: light fixtures. i think the large size light in this fixture would be better(16" x 20" ) do you know which size of this light fixture was used? thank you.

input: what are the differences between this and granite?
target: quartz vs granite . love this counter top ! what are the differences between this and granite? is granite more expensive?
output: granite vs granite. what are the differences between this and granite? i love the granite with the colors in it.

input: is this a custom color and if so, what is it?
target: the stain on the dark cabinets is stunning. is this a custom color and if so, what is it? thank you.
output: is this a custom color and if so, what is it? i love this kitchen! what is the color?

input: what material and color are the countertops?
target: countertops . beautiful kitchen! what material and color are the countertops? thanks.
output: countertops. what material and color are the countertops? thanks

input: how thick is it, or how thick is it mitered to look?
target: counter thickness . gorgeous island! how thick is it, or how thick is it mitered to look? thank you!
output: how thick is it, or how thick is it mitered to look? i have a similar ceiling and am trying to figure out how to do this in my kitchen. i am debating debating whether to go thicker on top of the cabinet. i am worried about the thickness.

input: what is the countertop material?
target: what is the countertop material? is this quartz? looks like the picture on the back of a sample i recently saw that was quartz master calacatta manhatten, but the description says neolith
output: what is the countertop material? is that quartz? what is the countertop material?

input: please let me know where i can order.
target: where is the light fixture from? looking for that look for our kitchen. please let me know where i can order. thanks !
output: where is the table from? please let me know where i can order. thank you.

input: faucet source?
target: faucet source? it seems to match the type i'll need for a 1940's sink i have. thanks!
output: faucet source? love the look of this kitchen! thanks.

input: does the window over the counter open?
target: does the window open? does the window over the counter open? would love it if it did!! what brand is it?
output: window over the counter? does the window over the counter open? is it a window? what is the name of it?

input: i've seen them on other houzz sites before but have forgotten where i can locate them.
target: where did the dish towels come from? i've seen them on other houzz sites before but have forgotten where i can locate them. thank you for your help.
output: where did you purchase the pendant lights? i've seen them on other houzz sites before but have forgotten where i can locate them. thank you.

input: what is the space between the stove and the island?
target: what is the space between the stove and the island? beautiful kitchen. what is the space between stove and island?
output: what is the space between the stove and the island? i love this! what is the space between stove and island? thank you!

input: are the windows (right and left of stove) awning type?
target: windows? type and manufacurer? love this kitchen! are the windows (right and left of stove) awning type? who is the manufacturer? thank you.
output: windows. are the windows(right and left of stove) awning type? thanks

input: who makes the pretty cheese board on the island?
target: who makes the pretty cheese board on the island? the kitchen is gorgeous. thanks for sharing it!
output: who makes the pretty cheese board on the island? thank you! i have a kitchen that needs a barn and i want to do something similar.

input: what is the cabinet material and finish?
target: what is the cabinet material and finish? beautiful! gorgeous work!
output: what is the cabinet material and finish? beautiful! thank you!

input: can you pls tell me wha .
target: beautiful work!!! one of my favorite kitchens! can you pls tell me wha . thank you!
output: cabinets. can you pls tell me wha. thank you.

input: what type of wood are the beams??
target: what type of wood are the beams?? lovely space! we're starting the renovation of our 220 yr old home! i hope our kitchen is as beautiful as this space!
output: what type of wood are the beams? ? what is the stain?

input: is the floor hard wood or laminate?
target: floor . is the floor hard wood or laminate? what color andamp. brand is it
output: floor. is the floor hard wood or laminate? what color/stain is it?

input: who makes the light fixture?
target: light fixture . who makes the light fixture? almost got overlooked.i'm glad i noticed. what a gem!
output: light fixture. who makes the light fixture? it's beautiful!

input: would you be able to share the size of the island please?
target: beautiful! size of the island . would you be able to share the size of the island please?
output: size of the island. would you be able to share the size of the island please? thank you!

input: i'd love to know where the cool lights over the island can be found.
target: lighting source . i'd love to know where the cool lights over the island can be found. thanks!
output: lighting. i'd love to know where the cool lights over the island can be found. thanks!

input: would you be willing to share the source for the barstools please?
target: beautiful . your work is stunning!! would you be willing to share the source for the barstools please?
output: beautiful barstools. would you be willing to share the source for the barstools please? thank you!

input: what is through the doorways to the right of the stove off of the entryway?
target: behind oven? another gorgeous house! love your work! what room(s) are to the left of the stove and passed the sink? what is through the doorways to the right of the stove off of the entryway?
output: what is through the doorways to the right of the stove off of the entryway? this is a beautiful kitchen!

input: do you have info on where to buy?
target: backsplash . love this backsplash. do you have info on where to buy?
output: love the chairs. do you have info on where to buy? thank you!

input: is this photography or 3d render?!
target: real project? is this photography or 3d render?! its just perfect!
output: is this photography or 3d render? ! i'm trying to do a similar look for my kitchen remodel. i'm trying to do this. i'm guessing it is a 36" wide wide slide.

input: any ideas where i can purchase it or something similar?
target: clock . i love the clock above the cabinets. any ideas where i can purchase it or something similar?
output: i have a client that wants a chair for a banquet table. any ideas where i can purchase it or something similar? thank you!

input: could you please tell me what the room dimensions are of this kitchen and also the size of the kitchen island?
target: size of kitchen . beautiful kitchen! could you please tell me what the room dimensions are of this kitchen and also the size of the kitchen island?
output: dimensions. could you please tell me what the room dimensions are of this kitchen and also the size of the kitchen island? thank you!

input: love how you used wood for the kitchen island!
target: love the island . love how you used wood for the kitchen island! what kind of wood did you use and who made it?
output: love the island! love how you used wood for the kitchen island! thank you!

input: what are the dimensions of this island and how much of an overhang did you use for the seating?
target: island dimensions . hi karen, lovely space!! what are the dimensions of this island and how much of an overhang did you use for the seating? does the overhang have an hidden supports? many thanks in advance!
output: island dimensions. what are the dimensions of this island and how much of an overhang did you use for the seating? thanks!

input: i'm considering a very light gray?
target: what is the wall color? we're moving into a house with wood trim. right now the walls are a medium beige and everything kind of blends together. i'm looking for a great neutral to use throughout the house. we've always had painted white trim, so this is new territory for me! i'm considering a very light gray? but i'm pretty lost. would appreciate any suggestions. thank you.
output: what is the wall color? i'm considering a very light gray?

input: where did these lights come from, manufacturer, etc, thanks so much.
target: bell shape glass pendant lights . where did these lights come from, manufacturer, etc, thanks so much. you answered with a builders name, i just love the lights,
output: where did these lights come from, manufacturer, etc, thanks so much. i love the pendant lights!

input: care to share the manufacturer name and model of the tile as well as the color and grout color used?
target: wall tile above stove? really like the arabesque tile above the stove wall. care to share the manufacturer name and model of the tile as well as the color and grout color used? thanks!
output: tile. care to share the manufacturer name and model of the tile as well as the color and grout color used? thanks!

input: do you have information about the stove/range?
target: range stove manufacturer and model? this entire home has a welcoming feel to it. great design! i read that there had been a partial.remodel in the kitchen by a prior owner. do you have information about the stove/range? i have not been able to find it . many thanks for making time to reply!
output: range stove. do you have information about the stove/range? is it a gas range? where can i get it?

input: what brand is it please.
target: refrigerator . love the counter.depth refrigerator. what brand is it please. thanks.
output: what brand is it please. thank you. i have a customer wanting the same range and want the range. thank you.

input: i believe the light fixtures don’t really tally with rest of the designs or it it would've look elegant if the whole cabinets were painted the same green throughout.
target: what are the tiles used for ceiling called? i believe the light fixtures don’t really tally with rest of the designs or it it would've look elegant if the whole cabinets were painted the same green throughout. the work is good but improvisation is needed in the paint or the colors applied. i recently got my house in toronto renovated through avonlea renovations (www.avonlearenovations.com ). i would ask to visit theirs sites or probably blogs,if any, for more ideas on renovated kitchen designs.
output: what is the color of the cabinets? i believe the light fixtures don’t really tally with rest of the designs or it it would've look elegant if the whole cabinets were painted the same green throughout.

input: this summer when we remodel, the first thing that we're going to do is repaint everything.
target: what color are the cabinets? could you please tell me what color the cabinets are painted. i think that shade of green would look really great in our kitchen. this summer when we remodel, the first thing that we're going to do is repaint everything. we're getting new black countertops, and i think that the green will look great with them. http://www.clohessycabinets.com.au/content/services/kitchens_/3
output: how did you paint the cabinets the color? this summer when we remodel, the first thing that we're going to do is repaint everything. i'm sorry to bother you.

input: would love to know what color/brand was used on the island.
target: what color is the island? beautiful gray! would love to know what color/brand was used on the island.
output: would love to know what color/brand was used on the island. i love this kitchen!

input: island counter top material .
target: island counter top material . i would love to know the material of that beautiful kitchen island countertop. thank you!
output: island counter top material. i'm planning on using this style for my kitchen remodel. i'm trying to replicate this look. thanks!

input: who is the manufacturer and where can i purchase them?they seem to be a perfect size and different than other stools/ counter stools offered.
target: love the chairs around the island. love these chairs! who is the manufacturer and where can i purchase them?they seem to be a perfect size and different than other stools/ counter stools offered.
output: what is the size of the chairs? who is the manufacturer and where can i purchase them? thank you!

input: do you have the name and color?
target: love the backsplash used behind the stove. what kind of tile is it? do you have the name and color? thanks
output: love the backsplash! do you have the name and color? thank you!

input: i saw a previous comment where you said the cabinet color has a pewter accent.
target: what does "pewter accent" mean when you are referring to the cabinet color? i saw a previous comment where you said the cabinet color has a pewter accent. what does that mean? where is the pewter? is it a glaze?
output: cabinet color. i saw a previous comment where you said the cabinet color has a pewter accent. i am curious what the cabinet color is. thanks!

input: why does that price tag on number 9 say it's a "frigidaire"?
target: kitchen #9 appliance columns . why does that price tag on number 9 say it's a "frigidaire"? that's a wolf oven in the photo about appliance columns. false advertising!
output: why does that price tag on number 9 say it's a" frigidaire" ? i'm wondering if you're a cabinet maker in the area. thanks!

input: do you recall what color you painted the crown molding?
target: color for crown molding . this may be the only question you have not answered, but i like the contrast between the winds breath and the crown molding. do you recall what color you painted the crown molding? thank you!
output: crown molding. do you recall what color you painted the crown molding? thank you!

input: hi, can you please tell me the who makes these lovely floor tiles?
target: who makes the floors and whats the name of them? hi, can you please tell me the who makes these lovely floor tiles? i would also love the name of the style. thanks!
output: who makes these lovely floor tiles? hi, can you please tell me the who makes these lovely floor tiles? thank you!

input: can you share the source and finish of the cabinet hardware?
target: cabinet hardware . super fun and unique kitchen! can you share the source and finish of the cabinet hardware? thanks!
output: cabinet hardware. can you share the source and finish of the cabinet hardware? thank you!

input: is it a pot rack or an old light fixture?
target: i love the pot rack! is it a pot rack or an old light fixture? where can i get the pot rack?
output: is it a pot rack or an old light fixture? what is the name of this pantry? is it a pot rack or an old light fixture?

input: could you please tell me who makes them??
target: love the cabinets . could you please tell me who makes them?? and also the pulls?? thank you.
output: i love the pendant lights. could you please tell me who makes them? ? thank you!

input: what material is the countertop?
target: counters? what material is the countertop? where can you buy it?
output: countertop. what material is the countertop? thank you!

input: can you tell me the manufacturer of the cabinets please?
target: can you tell me the manufacturer of the cabinets please? i would love to use these cabinets and color for my kitchen remodel. it's beautiful!
output: cabinets. can you tell me the manufacturer of the cabinets please? thank you!

input: was the backsplash installed before or after the hood?
target: backsplash . was the backsplash installed before or after the hood? thanks.
output: was the backsplash installed before or after the hood? love it! thank you!

input: could you tell me what the accents are in the backsplash and where to purchase them?
target: backsplash design . could you tell me what the accents are in the backsplash and where to purchase them? are they stainless steel accents, pewter or brushed nickel finish?
output: what is the brand and style of the kitchen accents? could you tell me what the accents are in the backsplash and where to purchase them? thanks!

input: what brand is the hardware?
target: hardware . what brand is the hardware? beautiful kitchen!
output: hardware. what brand is the hardware? thanks

input: and can you still see light brushstrokes on the cabinets or is it completely wiped clean and only left with a dark highlight in the creases?
target: cabinet glaze color . this kitchen is beautiful! my cabinet maker is trying to replicate this color and is not getting it right. what color glaze was used over the white cabinets? and can you still see light brushstrokes on the cabinets or is it completely wiped clean and only left with a dark highlight in the creases? thank you very much in advance!
output: cabinet paint color. and can you still see light brushstrokes on the cabinets or is it completely wiped clean and only left with a dark highlight in the creases? thank you!

input: where in atlanta can you purchase the granite and it calledi snow white?
target: love countertop . where in atlanta can you purchase the granite and it calledi snow white? thank you love this kitchen!
output: granite. where in atlanta can you purchase the granite and it calledi snow white? thank you.

input: however i have a 30" range and only a wall length of 87".
target: your fabulous backsplash design has taken me out of analysis paralysis . i hope i can achieve a similar look. however i have a 30" range and only a wall length of 87". my question is do you feel the 2 x 6 subway tile is critical to the design. will i loose it with the 3x6? i'd so appreciate your response. thanks
output: what is the wall size of this range? i am planning to build a house and have a similar layout and i am planning on the same style in my new home. however i have a 30" range and only a wall length of 87" . thanks!

input: where can i find the corbels?
target: corbels . where can i find the corbels? i just love them. thank you
output: corbels. where can i find the corbels? thank you.

input: now i'm wondering if the white will be too stark?
target: wondering if you think painted white cabinets without a glaze would . change the look of the entire kitchen? we are looking to do the exact same thing in our kitchen but i was planning on going with white painted cabinets. now i'm wondering if the white will be too stark? i love this kitchen. can't stop looking at it!!! thank you!
output: what is the white paint color on the cabinets? i'm wondering if the white will be too stark? i love this kitchen!

input: what is this door style name?
target: cabinet door style? using dura supreme cabinets in kitchen remodel. what is this door style name?
output: door style name? what is this door style name? thank you!

input: can you tell me the name of the medallions on the back splash?
target: tile . can you tell me the name of the medallions on the back splash? i'm trying to replicate this look. love it!
output: can you tell me the name of the medallions on the back splash? i'm in love with this kitchen! thank you!

input: i don't know who else to ask.thank you so much for your thoughts on this.
target: paint versus glaze . your kitchen is stunning.actually it is my inspiration for the kitchen we are creating right now! would you mind giving me your opinion on something, please? our cabinet maker does not want to glaze the white cabinets, instead he would like to hand paint a pewter line in the raised panel portion of the door. on first look, it's very pretty. after several hours, i think it looks too perfect, sort of defeating the point of the glaze. i'm not sure why they wouldn't show me a glazed sample. he claims that it would change the color of the crisp white. but hand painting the line doesn't seem like a solution to me. i don't know who else to ask.thank you so much for your thoughts on this.
output: who is the cabinet manufacturer and what is the color? i don't know who else to ask. thank you so much for your thoughts on this. thank you so much for your help!

input: could you please let provide information about the tiles used?
target: back splash . this kitchen is gorgeous! could you please let provide information about the tiles used? brand, color and size. the whole thing is amazing. we are building a new home, and wish i had seen this (and knew about you) earlier .
output: could you please let provide information about the tiles used? i have a similar look and am trying to find a similar color for my kitchen. thank you!

input: would you mind sharing with me what brand of bar stools these are?
target: bar stools? would you mind sharing with me what brand of bar stools these are? i love them!
output: bar stools. would you mind sharing with me what brand of bar stools these are? thank you!

input: where did you buy the appliance pulls?
target: beautiful kitchen. where did you buy the appliance pulls? love them
output: where did you buy the appliance pulls? i love the appliance pulls. where can i buy them?

input: what is the wall color around the windows?
target: wall color . what is the wall color around the windows? it is beautiful.
output: wall color. what is the wall color around the windows? it's beautiful!

input: love these, do you know where they are from .
target: pendant lights . love these, do you know where they are from . beautiful kitchen!
output: love these, do you know where they are from. thanks

input: could you tell me where this tile is from?
target: tile . could you tell me where this tile is from? looks great!
output: tile. could you tell me where this tile is from? thanks!

input: what brick was used for the fireplace?
target: what brick was used for the fireplace? thank you!! looking to create a similar fireplace
output: fireplace. what brick was used for the fireplace? thank you!

input: does it go from the front to the back of the house?
target: dimensions . what is the dimensions of this kitchen? does it go from the front to the back of the house?
output: dimensions of this kitchen? does it go from the front to the back of the house? what size is this kitchen?

input: what's the make/model of the wine fridge?
target: wine fridge . what's the make/model of the wine fridge? thanks
output: wine fridge. what's the make/model of the wine fridge? thanks

input: how can i share this with another houzz user?
target: how can i share this with another houzz user? getting frustrated. you should add a friends feature so my husband andamp. i can share our ideas without broadcasting across social media.
output: how can i share this with another houzz user? this is a great example of my design! i'm trying to figure out if this layout fits in my design needs to be sure i can do it correctly.

input: what brand and what dimensions
target: love the window . such a clean look. what brand and what dimensions
output: love the pendants! what brand and what dimensions

input: do you have photos of what the other side of this room looks like?
target: do you have photos of what the other side of this room looks like? the kitchen configuration is similar to mine (about to renovate). does this kitchen open up into another space? it's difficult finding kitchen ideas without islands, and so i really like your design.
output: do you have photos of what the other side of this room looks like? i'm in love with this idea and i'm trying to figure out if this is the best idea for my kitchen design. i'm guessing the opposite of the opposite wall. thanks!

input: hoping you could share the dimensions of the island?
target: island size . hello . hoping you could share the dimensions of the island? thanks!
output: dimensions. hoping you could share the dimensions of the island? thanks!

input: who manufactured the windows?
target: who manufactured the windows? thanks! love the windows and bi.fold doors. who made them? i saw la cantina made doors, but wondering about windows throughout. thanks
output: who manufactured the windows? who makes them? thanks

input: can you share some detail on the counter stools.
target: what can you tell me about the stools? can you share some detail on the counter stools. thank you
output: can you share some detail on the counter stools. thank you. i have a client that wants a stool like this.

input: can you share the white cabinet paint?
target: cabinet paint? very beautiful! can you share the white cabinet paint? thank you!
output: cabinet paint. can you share the white cabinet paint? thank you!

input: could you please share the material used on the island countertop, and the type of wood and stain used on the floors/
target: floors and island countertop . beautiful kitchen! could you please share the material used on the island countertop, and the type of wood and stain used on the floors/
output: what is the wood and stain color on the island countertop? could you please share the material used on the island countertop, and the type of wood and stain used on the floors/

input: what color is the paint of the island
target: beautiful island! what color is the paint? what color is the paint of the island
output: what color is the island paint color? what color is the paint of the island

input: would you mind sharing the dimensions of the island and the spacing between the cabinets and the island?
target: dimensions . hello! would you mind sharing the dimensions of the island and the spacing between the cabinets and the island? thank you!
output: dimensions. beautiful kitchen! would you mind sharing the dimensions of the island and the spacing between the cabinets and the island? thanks!

input: do you know the specifics on the grout color and spacing?
target: love the grout and tile position . do you know the specifics on the grout color and spacing? thank you
output: grout color and spacing? do you know the specifics on the grout color and spacing? thanks!

input: info?
target: those pendants! info? love them
output: info? love the chairs. info?

input: what is the wood?
target: the floor is beautiful . what is the wood? thank you!
output: what is the wood? what is the wood? thank you

input: can you share the source for the range hood?
target: can you share the source for the range hood? i love the range hood. so simple, but it looks custom.
output: range hood. can you share the source for the range hood? thank you!

input: what is the length of the wall with all the appliances!
target: what is the length of the wall with all the appliances! looks great! clean and stylish. thanks would be a great help. as well is the stove a 30 inch and fridge 36 inch?? thanks
output: what is the length of the wall with all the appliances! i'm planning on doing this in my new house. i'm planning on doing something similar.

input: are these regular cabinet drawers or is it a panel ready undercounter refrigerator drawer?
target: i love this kitchen! the butler's pantry cabinets are amazing in wood! are these regular cabinet drawers or is it a panel ready undercounter refrigerator drawer? i've been looking into the latter and thought that it would work well in kitchen. also are the cabinets custom made?
output: are these regular cabinet drawers or is it a panel ready undercounter refrigerator drawer? i'm in the middle of my kitchen remodel and i'm planning on a similar look. i'm guessing the bottom and bottom of cabinets are a 1ft or less. what is the depth of the bottom and bottom of the bottom drawers?

input: and love how you continued it up into the cabinet.
target: backsplash looks great. and love how you continued it up into the cabinet. can you share some details on the tile?
output: how did you use the pull out door? and love how you continued it up into the cabinet. is that correct?

input: can you share the wood used on this lower cabinet?
target: can you share the wood used on this lower cabinet? uppercabinet? your kitchen is lovely. i have struggled with a modern craftsman project for 11 years. did you use an interior designer on this project? the mix of white cabinets, dark counters, and wood tones with tile is impeccable.
output: what wood is the floor? can you share the wood used on this lower cabinet? thank you!

input: what color is wall in the back room.
target: what color is wall in back room . beautiful space. what color is wall in the back room.
output: what color is wall in back room. is that a pine or white? what color is wall in the back room.

input: how far do the countertops overhang the cabinets?
target: countertop overhang? how far do the countertops overhang the cabinets? looks to be shallower, like 1” or less? thank you!
output: how far do the countertops overhang the cabinets? i have to ask the exact size of the cabinets you used in this picture. i'm trying to figure out if this is the best size i need.

input: could you please tell me the style and manufactuer of the cabinet doors .
target: the cabinet door style is amazing? could you please tell me the style and manufactuer of the cabinet doors . i have to have it!!! (i live in alberta canada) where can i get them?
output: cabinet doors. could you please tell me the style and manufactuer of the cabinet doors. thank you!

input: would you kindly tell me what tile you have on the backsplash?
target: your room is beautiful! would you kindly tell me what tile you have on the backsplash? thank you, nancy
output: backsplash. would you kindly tell me what tile you have on the backsplash? thank you!

input: if so, do mind sharing the color?
target: shades . are those horizon shades? if so, do mind sharing the color? thank you!
output: what is the countertop? is that quartz? if so, do mind sharing the color? thank you!

input: who is the manufacturer on the cabinets?
target: cabinet manufacturer . beautiful kitchen. who is the manufacturer on the cabinets? i just ask because i saw that you said it's a stock white and i really like it! thanks in advance.
output: cabinets. who is the manufacturer on the cabinets? who is the manufacturer on the cabinets? thanks

input: what do you call them and where do you buy them!
target: curtains . hi, those curtains look amazing with the white kitchen! what do you call them and where do you buy them!
output: love the chairs. what do you call them and where do you buy them! chairs? what are they called?

input: paint color for the island?
target: paint color for the island? is the paint blue or black? please specify the paint color if you still have it. love the kitchen!
output: paint color for the island? what is the paint color? thanks

input: i love the soft look of the cabinets?
target: color of the cabinets . i love the soft look of the cabinets? what color are they?
output: what is the soft look? i love the soft look of the cabinets? thank you!

input: what color are the cabinet?
target: what color are the cabinet? beautiful . looking for a light gray
output: what color are the cabinet? i'm trying to decide which color to go with. thanks!

input: where did you get it?
target: love the hood. manufacturer? hi, renovating a home on hilton head. looking for a 66 inch hood, 36 high. can't find anything. love the look of this one. where did you get it? want farmhouse look.
output: love the chair. where did you get it? thank you.

input: any chance i could get manufacture, wood type/colour?
target: wood floors . love the wood floors in kitchen. any chance i could get manufacture, wood type/colour? many thanks
output: any chance i could get manufacture, wood type/colour? thank you! i have a kitchen and i want to build and plan my house. i have a client that wants to use my floors and the floors are beautiful. thank you.

input: can you tell me color of kitchen cabinets?
target: kitchen remodel . love this house! can you tell me color of kitchen cabinets?
output: can you tell me color of kitchen cabinets? i'm in love with this kitchen. i'm in love with this.

input: did you install them before or after drywalling?
target: beams . can you tell me when you installed the beams? are these 8 x 8?? did you install them before or after drywalling?
output: ceiling beams. did you install them before or after drywalling? i'm trying to figure out if these ceiling are real tall enough for my new ceiling.

input: any information on the floor?
target: floor . any information on the floor? great looking space!
output: floor. any information on the floor? is it wood or fiberglass?

input: can you tell me what stain was used on the beams.
target: beams . can you tell me what stain was used on the beams. thanks
output: what stain was used on the beams. can you tell me what stain was used on the beams. thank you

input: do you mind sharing the distance (aisle depth) from the fridge to the counter thats on the range wall?
target: fridge and distance from counter . beautiful design! do you mind sharing the distance (aisle depth) from the fridge to the counter thats on the range wall? can you share the type of fridge that was used in this kitchen? we are working with a very similar layout and were curious as to the clearance between the fridge and the counter, especially once the freezer door is pulled open. thank you much in advance!
output: fridge. do you mind sharing the distance(aisle depth) from the fridge to the counter thats on the range wall? thanks!

input: where can i find them?
target: bar stools . love them! where can i find them?
output: love the chairs. where can i find them? thanks!

input: how deep are the walls around window build out to create the sill?
target: beautiful kitchen . how deep are the walls around window build out to create the sill? thanks!
output: how deep are the walls around window build out to create the sill? is it a 36" wide? thanks!

input: how high is the ceiling, and what are the dimensions of the island?
target: dimensions . gorgeous kitchen! how high is the ceiling, and what are the dimensions of the island?
output: ceiling. how high is the ceiling, and what are the dimensions of the island? thanks!

input: what is the wall paint color?
target: paint . beautiful kitchen! what is the wall paint color? thanks!
output: wall paint color. what is the wall paint color? thank you!

input: what are the beams?
target: beams . beautiful space! what are the beams?
output: what are the beams? i love the beams. where can i get them?

input: would you please share the cabinet and wall paint color.
target: paint color. would you please share the cabinet and wall paint color. i really appreciate it.
output: paint color. would you please share the cabinet and wall paint color. i love this kitchen!

input: could you please let me know what brand?
target: the kitchen faucet . hi, i love the kitchen faucet. could you please let me know what brand? and where to get it from?
output: i love the range. could you please let me know what brand? thank you!

input: how thick is the wood piece on the counter?
target: how thick is the wood piece on the counter? how thick is the wood piece on the counter? and thickness of countertop? thanks
output: how thick is the wood piece on the counter? how thick is the wood piece on the counter? thank you!

input: where does the kitchen island come from?
target: kitchen island . where does the kitchen island come from? thanks
output: where does the kitchen island come from? i love this kitchen! i'm in love with this. it is my inspiration for my kitchen design.

input: where can i find the shelving?
target: where can i find the shelving? love the shelving . where can i find it?
output: where can i find the shelving? love it! thank you!

input: what kind of wood and finish arr they?
target: floors . what kind of wood and finish arr they? beautiful
output: floors. what kind of wood and finish arr they? thanks

input: where did you get it?
target: hood vent . love the hood vent. where did you get it?
output: love the chair. where did you get it? thanks

input: couldn't find any price tags on the kitchen hardware for this kitchen.
target: love the drawer pulls. where can i buy them? couldn't find any price tags on the kitchen hardware for this kitchen. please help me find a supplier! thanks!
output: love the drawer pulls. couldn't find any price tags on the kitchen hardware for this kitchen. i want to buy the same drawer for my kitchen hardware.

input: can you tell me the full width of the kitchen from outer edge of refrigerator to outer edge of the 5” cabinet next to the stove?
target: questions about dimensions and sink . beautiful kitchen (whole apt actually)! can you tell me the full width of the kitchen from outer edge of refrigerator to outer edge of the 5” cabinet next to the stove? also, i’d love to know the dimensions and model of the sink. thanks!
output: what is the dimensions of this kitchen? can you tell me the full width of the kitchen from outer edge of refrigerator to outer edge of the 5”cabinet next to the stove? thanks!

input: is it functional or just a filler?
target: base cabinet next to window . how wide is it? is it functional or just a filler? how far from the window ledge?
output: what is the countertop? is it functional or just a filler? what is the name of this countertop?

input: can you share maker and color and size, please?
target: backsplash . love it. can you share maker and color and size, please?
output: backsplash. can you share maker and color and size, please? thank you!

input: where can i find this hardware
target: gold hardware . hello, beautiful space. where can i find this hardware
output: where can i find this hardware hardware please! ! ! where can i find this hardware

input: where did you get the orange roundels for the leaded glass?
target: where did you get the orange roundels for the leaded glass? i'm desperately looking for small glass roundels. help, please?
output: roundels. where did you get the orange roundels for the leaded glass? what are they?

input: could you share the color used on the cabinets?
target: love the cabinet color! could you share the color used on the cabinets? thanks
output: cabinet color. could you share the color used on the cabinets? thank you!

input: what is the depth of the "spice rack" on the outside of the fridge and how is it anchored?
target: depth and anchoring of spice rack . what is the depth of the "spice rack" on the outside of the fridge and how is it anchored? i have got to have this in my new house. brilliant. thanks in advance.
output: what is the depth of the spice rack" on the outside of the fridge and how is it anchored? i'm guessing it's the same size as the outside fridge. thanks!

input: where can we buy the stools?
target: stool . where can we buy the stools? thanks!
output: stools. where can we buy the stools? thank you

input: if not, what sealant was used to avoid rust?
target: steel beams . were they painted? what color and finish was used? if not, what sealant was used to avoid rust?
output: sealant. is the seal seal seal seal seal seal? if not, what sealant was used to avoid rust? thank you!

input: what are the dimensions of the space including the sitting room?
target: what are the dimensions of the space including the sitting room? this is the greatest kitchen on the entire houzz website. thank you so much we are going to try to replicate it.
output: what are the dimensions of the space including the sitting room? thank you! this is a beautiful kitchen!

input: where could i find this counter height table/island.i have been looking for this with no luck.
target: table.island . where could i find this counter height table/island.i have been looking for this with no luck. thank you . that is my dream kitchen !!
output: table. where could i find this counter height table/island. i have been looking for this with no luck. thank you

input: also, what is the color you painted the rafters?
target: ceiling height, ceiling color. hello, could you tell me, please, the height of the ceiling. also, what is the color you painted the rafters? i love love love this space. excellent.
output: ceiling beams. what is the ceiling color? also, what is the color you painted the rafters?

input: what are the cabinets with the wood top?
target: counter tops . i'm planning a combination of stainless and wood, and love yours. what are the cabinets with the wood top? and the stainless drawers? thank you!
output: what are the cabinets with the wood top? i love this kitchen! what are the cabinets with the wood top? thank you!

input: hi, what color is the light fixtures?
target: lighting . hi, what color is the light fixtures? steel, chrome or brushed nickel?
output: light fixtures. hi, what color is the light fixtures? thanks!

input: can you tell me what is the colour of the wall?
target: wall colour . can you tell me what is the colour of the wall? thank you
output: wall colour. can you tell me what is the colour of the wall? thank you

input: what is this countertop?
target: what is this countertop? love it. barbara
output: what is this countertop? is that quartz? what is this countertop?

input: can you share the dimensions of this pantry?
target: dimensions . beautiful! can you share the dimensions of this pantry?
output: dimensions. can you share the dimensions of this pantry? thank you.

input: even though they are tagged, the details on where to purchase the exact stools are not given.
target: the featured stools are perfect. the featured stools are perfect. even though they are tagged, the details on where to purchase the exact stools are not given. is there any ordering information that can be shared with regards to the counter stools? thanks in advance.
output: stools. what is the exact stools used on this kitchen. even though they are tagged, the details on where to purchase the exact stools are not given. thanks

input: would you happen to know the color of the range hood?
target: range hood color . hello. i love this kitchen. would you happen to know the color of the range hood?
output: range hood color. would you happen to know the color of the range hood? thank you!

input: can you tell me where the hardware came from, and name of style andamp.
target: cabinet hardware . beautiful! can you tell me where the hardware came from, and name of style andamp. finish?
output: hardware. can you tell me where the hardware came from, and name of style andamp. thanks

input: hi, which brand are the stools by the island?
target: stools and island width . hi, which brand are the stools by the island? do you know from where were they purchased? also, what's the island width? thanks in advance!
output: stools. hi, which brand are the stools by the island? thanks!

input: where did you purchase the cabinets from?
target: cabinet details? where did you purchase the cabinets from? absolutely love them!!
output: cabinets. where did you purchase the cabinets from? thanks!

input: what brand appliances did you use?
target: appliance details . gorgeous! what brand appliances did you use? specifically the range? thanks!
output: what brand appliances did you use? love the appliances. where can i get them? thanks.

input: could you tell us what it is and where you purchased this?
target: love the floor tile!! could you tell us what it is and where you purchased this? is it cement tile or porcelain? i'd love to get a patterned tile floor but would like to stick to a porcelain or vitreous ceramic tile.
output: love the flooring! could you tell us what it is and where you purchased this? thank you!

input: hi, what is the ceiling height?
target: ceiling height? hi, what is the ceiling height? and cabinet size? thanks
output: ceiling. hi, what is the ceiling height? thanks

input: hi, what are these counter tops?
target: counter top . hi, what are these counter tops? thanks!
output: counter tops. hi, what are these counter tops? thanks

input: also, do you have any suggestions for a "white" color for my upper cabinets?
target: love the cabinet color! i've chosen taj mahal leathered quartzite for my kitchen as well, and love this color of the cabinets for my island and range hood. do you know the equivalent color in sherwin williams or benjamin moore? also, do you have any suggestions for a "white" color for my upper cabinets?
output: cabinet color. also, do you have any suggestions for a" white" color for my upper cabinets? i'm planning on doing white cabinets in my new home.

input: can you share the material and color of countertops?
target: countertops . can you share the material and color of countertops? thank you!
output: countertops. can you share the material and color of countertops? thank you!

input: what is the brand and color?
target: cabinet color . love this warm grey. what is the brand and color? thanks.
output: what is the brand and color? love the cabinets! what is the brand and color?

input: can you tell me if the wooden cabinets are white oak veneer and if so are the book matched?
target: cabinets? beautiful kitchen! can you tell me if the wooden cabinets are white oak veneer and if so are the book matched? thanks!
output: cabinetry. can you tell me if the wooden cabinets are white oak veneer and if so are the book matched? thanks

input: any idea where the table is from?
target: table . any idea where the table is from? looking for a square kitchen table that seats 8. love the color.
output: table. any idea where the table is from? thank you!

input: can you please tell me where you purchased these appliances pulls!
target: beautiful kitchen . can you please tell me where you purchased these appliances pulls! thanks!
output: pulls. can you please tell me where you purchased these appliances pulls! thank you!

input: can you please share the manufacture and style name of the cabinet door pulls?
target: love the door pulls, who is the manufacture and style name. thank you . gorgeous kitchen. can you please share the manufacture and style name of the cabinet door pulls? what are the sizes that you used? thank you!
output: cabinet door pulls. can you please share the manufacture and style name of the cabinet door pulls? thank you.

input: what is the countertop material?
target: counter material . i love this kitchen. what is the countertop material?
output: what is the countertop material? is that quartz? what is the countertop material? thanks

input: is that stovetop vented?
target: pretty room . is that stovetop vented? and, if so, the brand.
output: is that stovetop vented? what is the name of this kitchen? it's beautiful!

input: was it simply applied to the cabinet panel in front of the hood?
target: details on hood. love the stainless on the hood. was it simply applied to the cabinet panel in front of the hood?
output: was it simply applied to the cabinet panel in front of the hood? i'm planning on doing something similar in my kitchen. it's difficult to figure out if i can achieve this look.

input: what is the counter made of and what style (color) was used?
target: i love the counters. please tell me what they are? what is the counter made of and what style (color) was used? thanks!
output: what is the counter made of and what style(color) was used? i love this kitchen! what is the color of the countertops? what is the color of the island?

input: where is it from ?
target: tile . love the tile . where is it from ?
output: i love the flooring! where is it from? what is it?

input: windows, who makes them?
target: windows, who makes them? who makes these windows? thanks!
output: windows, who makes them? who makes them? thanks

input: hi, can you tell me where you got this beautiful hood?
target: beautiful hood!! who is the manufacturer? hi, can you tell me where you got this beautiful hood? thank you!
output: hood. hi, can you tell me where you got this beautiful hood? thank you!

input: what is the name of the kitchen granite?
target: new kitchen . love the granite! what is the name of the kitchen granite?
output: what is the name of the kitchen granite? i love this granite. what is the name of the kitchen granite?

input: what finish is used on them when they are used in a sink area?
target: what type of wood counters are used here? what finish is used on them when they are used in a sink area? also, what is the color of the cabinets? thanks.
output: what finish is used on them when they are used in a sink area? i'm in the middle of my kitchen and i want to do something similar in my kitchen. i'm guessing this is the best example i've seen.

input: are those windows behind the glass front cabinets?
target: are those windows behind the glass front cabinets? or mirrors? thanks in advance for your reply.beautiful kitchen!
output: are those windows behind the glass front cabinets? i love the windows behind the glass front cabinets. what are they?

input: would love to have something similar .
target: where are the counter stools from? would love to have something similar . where can you find these stools?
output: where did you get the table? would love to have something similar. where can i get it?

input: hi, would you please tell me the brand of the 2 faucets here?
target: what is the brand of the faucets? hi, would you please tell me the brand of the 2 faucets here? thanks in advance. i love this kitchen.
output: faucets. hi, would you please tell me the brand of the 2 faucets here? thanks!

input: what is the backsplash material?
target: what is the backsplash material? i'm wanting to add backsplash in my kitchen andamp. love the looks of this one. my cabinets are white, black pulls andamp. black granite countertops.
output: backsplash. what is the backsplash material? thanks

input: what is the backsplash tile?
target: backsplash please?! what is the backsplash tile? i love it!
output: backsplash. what is the backsplash tile? what is the backsplash tile? thanks

input: what color are the walls in this kitchen?
target: paint color . i just installed this same sodbury flooring in our kitchen. would like to paint next. what color are the walls in this kitchen?
output: what color are the walls in this kitchen? i love this!

input: would love information on the flooring, thanks.
target: gorgeous flooring! salvaged or is this obtainable? would love information on the flooring, thanks.
output: flooring. would love information on the flooring, thanks. thanks

input: you tell me what the grey countertop used in this kitchen?
target: grey countertop . you tell me what the grey countertop used in this kitchen? also, on the island? thanks!
output: grey countertop. you tell me what the grey countertop used in this kitchen? thank you

input: what is the brand of flush mount vent above the stove?
target: what is the brand of flush mount vent above the stove? i want to do a range vent just like hers. in fact, i found so much inspiration from this post, so many thanks to the designer for making such a beautiful, functional kitchen. i've had no luck finding a ceiling mount vent, that vents out, which doesn't require 12" above it for the machinery. would really appreciate the help. happy to share my info if it helps to take this conversation off line.
output: what is the brand of flush mount vent above the stove? i love this layout and am trying to replicate it in a few months. i'm planning on doing something similar in my kitchen.

input: was the minwax “weathered wood” stain oil or water based?
target: thank you and one last question. was the minwax “weathered wood” stain oil or water based? thank you for replying andamp. the great info!
output: what is the stain on the cabinets? was the minwax“weathered wood”stain oil or water based? thank you!

input: could you share the manufacturer and name of the island pendant lights?
target: island pendant lights . could you share the manufacturer and name of the island pendant lights? thanks so much!
output: island pendant lights. could you share the manufacturer and name of the island pendant lights? thank you!

input: what is the material?
target: countertop . i love the dark counters. they appear to black. what is the material?
output: love the floors! what is the material? thanks!

input: where is the refrigerator located?
target: where is the refrigerator located? where is the refrigerator located? thanks
output: where is the refrigerator located? love it! where is the refrigerator located? thank you!

input: could you specify the range hood used?
target: range vent height? i am curious about the range vent. i went to the manufacturer’s website and was overwhelmed by the options. if i pegged it to the right one, they recommend a height between 28.36”. the pictured application looks significantly higher than that. could you specify the range hood used?
output: range hood. hello, i love this kitchen! could you specify the range hood used?

input: the design is beautiful, could you please let me know where did you get the chevron tiles.
target: backsplash . the design is beautiful, could you please let me know where did you get the chevron tiles. thanks.
output: where did you get the chevron tiles? the design is beautiful, could you please let me know where did you get the chevron tiles. thank you.

input: are these custom made or are they available for purchase?
target: flatware drawers . are these custom made or are they available for purchase? are the dividers also custom made? tia mindy
output: cabinets. are these custom made or are they available for purchase? cabinets? what are the dimensions?

input: which brand?
target: cabinets . which brand? model?
output: which brand? thanks!

input: did you add the matte glass or did they come this way.or is created with a covering?
target: interested in the windows.great idea! do you have a source for these? did you add the matte glass or did they come this way.or is created with a covering?
output: what type of glass is this? did you add the matte glass or did they come this way. or is created with a covering? thanks!

input: are these penny rounds from ann sacks?
target: backsplash tiles . are these penny rounds from ann sacks? they are gorgeous.
output: backsplash. are these penny rounds from ann sacks? what size are they?

input: would you mind sharing your source for the savannah grey brick veneer?
target: fantastic kitchen! would you mind sharing your source for the savannah grey brick veneer? thanks so much!
output: savannah grey brick veneer? i love everything about this kitchen and it's beautiful. would you mind sharing your source for the savannah grey brick veneer? thank you!

input: what are the countertops and where does the window look into?
target: what are the countertops and where does the window look into? countertops? what’s behind window?
output: what are the countertops and where does the window look into? i love this kitchen! what are the countertops and where does the window look into?

input: can you tell me which company's pocket doors you did use i like the fact that they don't stick out too much .
target: who is the manufacturer of the pocket door? can you tell me which company's pocket doors you did use i like the fact that they don't stick out too much . did those knobs come with the doors? thank for you prompt replies
output: who is the manufacturer of the pocket door? can you tell me which company's pocket doors you did use i like the fact that they don't stick out too much. thanks

input: what is the cabinet dimensions pleas?
target: what is the cabinet dimensions pleas? ceiling height? thank you for your prompt replies
output: what is the cabinet dimensions pleas? this is a beautiful kitchen. thank you.

input: can you give me details in the pocket doors used?
target: can you give me details in the pocket doors used? what are the dimensions? how much space do you loose? thanks.
output: can you give me details in the pocket doors used? i love this kitchen! can you give me details in the pocket doors used? thank you!

input: will you please let me know where you purchased the pendant lights?
target: love the design and the pendants! will you please let me know where you purchased the pendant lights? thank you.
output: pendant lights. will you please let me know where you purchased the pendant lights? thank you!

input: what is hiding the thinset and cut edge of tile?
target: tile finished edge . what is hiding the thinset and cut edge of tile? schluter?
output: tile backsplash. what is hiding the thinset and cut edge of tile? what is the thinset and cut edge of tile? thanks

input: can you tell me where the logs came from?
target: fireplace logs . can you tell me where the logs came from? thank you!
output: log source? can you tell me where the logs came from? thanks!

input: i want to do something very similar to this but i can't seem to find this type of shelving anywhere.
target: where do i purchase this shelving material? i want to do something very similar to this but i can't seem to find this type of shelving anywhere. it appears to be size adjustable?
output: what type of shelving is this? i want to do something very similar to this but i can't seem to find this type of shelving anywhere. thanks

input: hi , can you please tell me where to find the post columns on the end of the island and near sink?
target: love . hi , can you please tell me where to find the post columns on the end of the island and near sink? thank you!
output: post columns. hi, can you please tell me where to find the post columns on the end of the island and near sink? thanks!

input: what is the paint color of the cabinets?
target: cabinet paint color? very pretty! what is the paint color of the cabinets? thank you!
output: paint color. what is the paint color of the cabinets? thanks

input: can you tell me about the pendants and faucet?
target: can you tell me about the pendants and faucet? beautiful clean lines. kitchen remodel.danville, ca
output: kitchen pendants. can you tell me about the pendants and faucet? thanks

input: i'd like to know who made the wooden table in this picture.
target: wood table . i'd like to know who made the wooden table in this picture. what style would this table be classified as. where might i be able to purchase such a table? thanks
output: wooden table. i'd like to know who made the wooden table in this picture. thank you

input: is it screwed into plywood backing or drywall, velcro, etc?
target: cushion backing . love the breakfast nook. would u mind sharing how the back cushion is adhered? is it screwed into plywood backing or drywall, velcro, etc?
output: cushion backing. is it screwed into plywood backing or drywall, etc? what is the material?

input: would you mind sharing where you got it and the brand or name of the table?
target: table . love the table. it works look perfect in our breakfast nook also. would you mind sharing where you got it and the brand or name of the table?
output: table. would you mind sharing where you got it and the brand or name of the table? thank you!

input: is there a floor plan?
target: house . is this a new build? is there a floor plan? tx dar
output: is there a floor plan? is there a floor plan? what is the name of the space?

input: can you please share what shade of white selected for the cabinets.
target: cabinet paint . can you please share what shade of white selected for the cabinets. it's perfect with the soapstone and walnut!
output: cabinet paint color. can you please share what shade of white selected for the cabinets. thank you.

input: could you please tell me the distance between the edge of the island and the edge of the window seat?
target: love your kitchen! could you please tell me the distance between the edge of the island and the edge of the window seat? thank you!
output: dimensions. hello! could you please tell me the distance between the edge of the island and the edge of the window seat? thank you!

input: can you share banquette and window height?
target: beautiful. can you share banquette and window height? thank you
output: beautiful kitchen! can you share banquette and window height? thank you!

input: also, dimensions of this space?
target: hood . love the hood.who makes it? also, dimensions of this space?
output: ceiling. what is the ceiling? also, dimensions of this space?

input: what is the make/model of the chandelier?
target: chandelier . what is the make/model of the chandelier? what size is it?
output: chandelier. what is the make/model of the chandelier? it's beautiful!

input: what a beautiful table!
target: table . what a beautiful table! is it custom? where could i get one? thanks!
output: what a beautiful table! is it custom made? what a beautiful table! thank you!

input: where i can buy this kitchen faucet?
target: i am looking for that exact type of kitchen faucet . tell me! where i can buy this kitchen faucet? please le tme know, i would really appreciate it.
output: where i buy this kitchen faucet? i love this kitchen! where i can buy this kitchen faucet? thank you!

input: are they plug in or are they installed through the bottoms of the upper cabinets?
target: who is the mfg. of the undercabinet lighting? i am not sold on rope lighting for now. i like these lights better. are they plug in or are they installed through the bottoms of the upper cabinets? thank you. love the color of the wall area. thank you. holly
output: are they plug in or are they installed through the bottoms of the upper cabinets? i love the pendant lights! what are they? what size? what's the size of the pendants?

input: where is it?
target: your beautiful kitchen! i love everything about this except i don't see a refrigerator. where is it?
output: i love the chair. where is it? thank you.

input: where can i get this light fixture?
target: where can i get this light fixture? please provide details regarding light fixture . love it!
output: light fixture. where can i get this light fixture? it's beautiful!

input: what is the countertop on the island.
target: island countertop . what is the countertop on the island. thank you
output: what is the countertop on the island. i love the countertop on the island. what is it? thank you

input: what is the backsplash name and by whom, please.
target: kitchen . what is the backsplash name and by whom, please. thanks!
output: backsplash. what is the backsplash name and by whom, please. thanks!

input: any ideas who i might contact for quotes and suggestions?
target: the banquette . hello, i would love to have a one sided banquette, counter top height that looks like this one. any ideas who i might contact for quotes and suggestions? thank you.
output: i have a client that wants to have a client that wants a similar look. any ideas who i might contact for quotes and suggestions? thank you!

input: the rug is just what i am looking for in our dining room.
target: like the rug! the rug is just what i am looking for in our dining room. goes well with our coastal colors. where can i find it? love they way everything goes together in this kitchen.
output: where is the rug? the rug is just what i am looking for in our dining room. is it a rug?

input: what is the name of that table style .
target: love this setup . what is the name of that table style . or better yet where can i buy it!? cheers!
output: what is the name of that table style. is that a marble slab? what is the name of that table style. where can i get it?

input: i was wondering if you were going to make the island base a different color or shade what would you choose?
target: kitchen island . hello! i was wondering if you were going to make the island base a different color or shade what would you choose? thank you!
output: what is the island color? i was wondering if you were going to make the island base a different color or shade what would you choose? thanks!

input: could you please tell me where you got it and the name?
target: backsplash . great textural detail. could you please tell me where you got it and the name?
output: i love the pendant lights. could you please tell me where you got it and the name? thank you!

input: what is the countertop here?
target: what is the countertop here? granite? color?
output: what is the countertop here? is that granite? what is the countertop here?

input: i'm using a similar color scheme in my kitchen but i was wondering should i paint the ceiling and the cabinets different whites?
target: my new kitchen . i'm using a similar color scheme in my kitchen but i was wondering should i paint the ceiling and the cabinets different whites? we putting wood slats on the ceiling and they are painted bm acadiana white. any help would be appreciated. thanks!
output: what is the paint color on the ceiling? i'm using a similar color scheme in my kitchen but i was wondering should i paint the ceiling and the cabinets different whites? thank you!

input: would it be possible to get a photo of the basic floor plan of this level of the home?
target: floor plan . would it be possible to get a photo of the basic floor plan of this level of the home? we absolutely love everything about this kitchen and great room!
output: floor plan. would it be possible to get a photo of the basic floor plan of this level of the home? is it a 36" deep deep plank planking?

input: it's exactly what we're looking for.
target: where can i get the banquet table? it's exactly what we're looking for. if its custom, please share the designer. thanks!
output: what is the countertop? it's exactly what we're looking for. what is the material?

input: can you tell me who makes the fabric or where i can order it?
target: bench fabric, please help . beautiful! love that the fabric is vinyl but still looks luxurious. they must have kids .). can you tell me who makes the fabric or where i can order it? even if only sold to the trade, i'd love to know the exact manufacturer. most vinyl's look cheap but this one is great. thanks in advance!
output: fabric fabric. can you tell me who makes the fabric or where i can order it? thanks

input: who are the cabinets by?
target: who are the cabinets by? kraftmaid? what style?
output: who are the cabinets by? who are the cabinets by? thank you!

input: what company built the booth?
target: what company built the booth? is it leather? thanks. it is a beautiful kitchen!!!!
output: what company built the booth? is it a custom made booth? what company built the booth?

input: what are the perimeter countertops?
target: what are the perimeter countertops? the perimeter countertop material is gorgeous and looks like marble. i'd like to have the name of it please.
output: what are the perimeter countertops? i love this kitchen! thank you!

input: what type of flooring is in the kitchen?
target: what type of flooring is in the kitchen? thanks! what type of flooring is in the kitchen? thanks!
output: what type of flooring is in the kitchen? is it hardwood? what type of hardwood?

input: what is the paint color on the cabinets?
target: counter top material . are the counter tops granite? do you know the color? what is the paint color on the cabinets? it works so well together.
output: what is the paint color on the cabinets? i love this kitchen! what is the paint color on the cabinets?

input: lastly, what are the dimensions of this kitchen.
target: cabinet doors? very inspired by this kitchen for our own renovation. are these cabinets mdf or painted maple? have been cautioned about maple doors cracking at seams. lastly, what are the dimensions of this kitchen. thank you kindly.
output: what are the dimensions of this kitchen. i love the layout! lastly, what are the dimensions of this kitchen. thank you

input: can you please tell me where that pendant is from??
target: pendant . can you please tell me where that pendant is from?? love it!
output: pendant. can you please tell me where that pendant is from? ? thank you!

input: what color is the wall space painted?
target: wall color please? what color is the wall space painted? looks great against the white tile and trim.
output: wall color. what color is the wall space painted? thank you

input: considering doing something like what you show.
target: cost of windows on back wall would be? i have a room off my kitchen just like the back room here. considering doing something like what you show.
output: considering doing something like what you show. i would love to know how to do the back splash!

input: hi, can you tell me what the backspash behind the stove is?
target: backspash behind stove . hi, can you tell me what the backspash behind the stove is? thank you! irene
output: backspash behind stove. hi, can you tell me what the backspash behind the stove is? thanks!

input: can you share what the floor is?
target: can you share what the floor is? beautiful! beautiful!
output: floor. can you share what the floor is? is it wood or lvt?

input: what is the color of the island?
target: color of the island? what is the color of the island? thanks.
output: what is the color of the island? i love this color! what is the color of the island? thank you!

input: if custom, can you tell me what the style would be called so i can match as closely as possible, i.e.
target: cabinetry company? looooove. can you tell me who designs these cabinets or are they custom? if custom, can you tell me what the style would be called so i can match as closely as possible, i.e. traditional?
output: what style of cabinets? is this a cabinetry cabinet style or is that? if custom, can you tell me what the style would be called so i can match as closely as possible, i. e. traditional? thank you!

input: do you extend the ladder to lean on the bar for high cabinets?
target: ladder system . this kitchen is gorgeous! was the ladder system custom.made? what is the vendor? do you extend the ladder to lean on the bar for high cabinets?
output: ladder system. do you extend the ladder to lean on the bar for high cabinets? i have a similar system and i want to do it in my kitchen. i have a similar system and i'm trying to do it. thanks

input: are the cabinets dark gray or are they black?
target: cabinet color, countertop? are the cabinets dark gray or are they black? also is the countertop marble? i really like both, thank you.
output: cabinet color. are the cabinets dark gray or are they black? what is the paint color?

input: we have a very tiny kitchen as well, no storage space whatsoever.
target: what is the size of this kitchen? we have a very tiny kitchen as well, no storage space whatsoever. just curious as to what size this kitchen is
output: what is the size of this pantry? we have a very tiny kitchen as well, no storage space whatsoever. this pantry is the exact layout i need for a pantry.

input: where was the rug purchased?
target: buffalo check rug . where was the rug purchased? thank you.
output: where was the rug purchased? i'm in love with this kitchen! where was the rug purchased?

input: can you tell me the type of backsplash material you used?
target: backsplash . hello, i love the quartzite and rift oak cabinets. can you tell me the type of backsplash material you used? i love how it has a matte (or honed) finish.
output: backsplash. can you tell me the type of backsplash material you used? thanks

input: can you tell me if this quarter or rift sawn oak?
target: what is the wood specie used here? lovely kitchen! can you tell me if this quarter or rift sawn oak? thank you for sharing!
output: what is the wood floor? can you tell me if this quarter or rift sawn oak? thanks.

input: love the pendent lights?
target: love the pendent lights? what is the source? please tell us the source of the pendent lights. thanks you.
output: pendent lights. love the pendent lights? where can i get them?

input: please advise the window manufacturer and style?
target: what is the window manufacturer? and style? please advise the window manufacturer and style? thanks!
output: window manufacturer and style? please advise the window manufacturer and style? thank you!

input: curious what type of kitchen flooring they used.
target: excellent kitchen. what is the flooring product? curious what type of kitchen flooring they used. is it real wood, laminate, vinyl plank, etc. and what is the finish?
output: what is the stain on the cabinets? curious what type of kitchen flooring they used. thank you

input: can you please tell me what material the sink is and who is the manufacturer?
target: apron sink . can you please tell me what material the sink is and who is the manufacturer? thanks!
output: sink. can you please tell me what material the sink is and who is the manufacturer? thanks

input: what material is the countertop?
target: countertop . what material is the countertop? name?
output: countertop. what material is the countertop? thank you!

input: could you please tell me who makes this faucet?
target: faucet? could you please tell me who makes this faucet? thank you!
output: faucet. could you please tell me who makes this faucet? thanks!

input: what is the counter top name?
target: what is the counter top name? thank you . what is the counter top name? thank you!
output: what is the counter top name? thank you. what is the counter top name? thank you.

input: are the counters the same as the island?
target: thick countertops . what size? like the look of the thick tops. what size are they? are the counters the same as the island? thanks!
output: are the counters the same as the island? what is the name of the island? what is the name of this island?

input: can you tell me more about and where to find?
target: love the art! can you tell me more about and where to find? thanks!
output: love the chairs. can you tell me more about and where to find? thank you!

input: do you mind sharing how to attach the backrest to the wall?
target: hello, . do you mind sharing how to attach the backrest to the wall? thanks
output: hello! do you mind sharing how to attach the backrest to the wall? thanks

input: where is the faux leather from?
target: where is the faux leather from? i love it! thank you for taking the time to answer my question!
output: where is the faux leather from? what is the name of it? i love this kitchen!

input: i can have my bench seating custom built but was wondering if the space i have will work?
target: i have an l wall thats 5'3"x3'4" can i have bench seating like this? i can have my bench seating custom built but was wondering if the space i have will work? l wall measures 5'3 by at least 3'6". just want comfort and enough space.
output: i love this space. i am planning on doing something similar in my kitchen. i have a similar layout and i want to do it in our new home. i can have my bench seating custom built but was wondering if the space i have will work? thank you!

input: what was the square footage of the back painted glass backsplash and how much did you pay for full install?
target: back painted glass backsplash . what was the square footage of the back painted glass backsplash and how much did you pay for full install? thanks,
output: back painted glass backsplash. what was the square footage of the back painted glass backsplash and how much did you pay for full install? thanks!

input: could you please tell me how much space is between the two islands (or generally speaking, how much you'd recommend)?
target: distance between islands . hello . beautiful kitchen! could you please tell me how much space is between the two islands (or generally speaking, how much you'd recommend)?
output: distance between islands. could you please tell me how much space is between the two islands(or generally speaking, how much you'd recommend) ? thank you!

input: what is the name of the backsplash tile that you used?
target: backsplash . what is the name of the backsplash tile that you used? who makes it? is it ceramic or porcelain? is the finish shinny or matte? thank you!!
output: backsplash. what is the name of the backsplash tile that you used? thank you!

input: what is the quartz name?
target: countertop material . what is the quartz name? thank you!
output: countertop. what is the quartz name? what is the quartz name? thanks

input: can you tell us where they came from?
target: we love the roman shade. can you tell us where they came from? btw.this is one beautiful kitchen.
output: light fixtures. i love the light fixtures. can you tell us where they came from?

input: what shade of black and what brand did you use?
target: what shade of black and what brand did you use? we are thinking of spraying our new kitchen cabinets black but would love some more specific direction as to the wide range of blacks out there and sheen options. your help would be so greatly apriciated! btw absolutely love your design!
output: what shade of black and what brand did you use? love the pendant lights! thank you!

input: can you do your cabinet fronts for any fridge model?
target: fridge? can you do your cabinet fronts for any fridge model? (ge,kitchenaid,etc.) or does it specifically have to be from ikea? could you do it if you had the right dimensions? thanks!
output: fridge. can you do your cabinet fronts for any fridge model? thank you!

input: could you also please tell me what kind of paint is used to get the natural light brown color?
target: what are the measurement if the kitchen and the island? i alsooo loveee the combination of the white and natural wood color on the cabinet. could you also please tell me what kind of paint is used to get the natural light brown color?
output: what is the island color? could you also please tell me what kind of paint is used to get the natural light brown color? thank you!

input: could you please tell me the about the floor!
target: floor type and manufacturer . could you please tell me the about the floor! i love the color! thanks!
output: could you please tell me the about the floor! is it wood or fabric? what type?

input: did you use the same on the walls and the trim all through the house?
target: what white paint did you use in walls and the kitchen cabinets? the white you used throughout the house is so clean and crisp. did you use the same on the walls and the trim all through the house? thanks!
output: what is the stain on the cabinets? did you use the same on the walls and the trim all through the house? thanks

input: what material was used?
target: counters . what material was used? love the look!
output: what material was used? love the pendant lights! what material was used?

input: can you tell us the kind of subway tile you used?
target: beautiful kitchen! can you tell us the kind of subway tile you used? we're having trouble finding a basic glossy white subway tile to match with pental lattice. thanks!
output: subway tile. can you tell us the kind of subway tile you used? thanks

input: would you be kind enough to share the brand/color of the tile, and the grout color used?
target: tile and grout . beautiful job with tile and grout. would you be kind enough to share the brand/color of the tile, and the grout color used? it appear they are glossy, correct? many thanks
output: tile. would you be kind enough to share the brand/color of the tile, and the grout color used? thanks!

input: what are the dimensions of the room?
target: donna mcdonald . love this pantry. it's my dream pantry. what are the dimensions of the room? not the cabinets. thank you.
output: what are the dimensions of the room? ceiling? ceiling? what are the dimensions of the room?

input: could you please tell me the dimensions?
target: dimensions . hi, love this butlers pantry. could you please tell me the dimensions?
output: dimensions. hello! could you please tell me the dimensions? thank you!

input: can you give make/ brand of backsplash!
target: backsplash tile . can you give make/ brand of backsplash! its beautiful!
output: backsplash. can you give make/brand of backsplash! thank you!

input: what's the color and brand of the tile?
target: backsplash . what's the color and brand of the tile? looks great!
output: tile. what's the color and brand of the tile? thanks

input: where are the hanging lights from?
target: lights . where are the hanging lights from? the question was asked over a month ago but i see no reply to date. thank you! i really want these in my new kitchen!
output: where are the hanging lights from? love the hanging lights. where do they come from?

input: is the trim also chantilly lace like the cabinets?
target: trim color same as kitchen cabinets? love your redesign! is the trim also chantilly lace like the cabinets? thanks!
output: trim color and trim color? is the trim also chantilly lace like the cabinets? thanks!

input: and what width are the longer cabinets with the single pulls?
target: cabinet pulls . what size cabinet pulls were used? and what width are the longer cabinets with the single pulls?
output: cabinet pulls. what size cabinets are? and what width are the longer cabinets with the single pulls? thank you!

input: what under cabinet lighting did you use?
target: what under cabinet lighting did you use? type and brand, color and lum . thanks
output: what under cabinet lighting did you use? i have a similar ceiling and am trying to do something similar in my kitchen. i have a ceiling that is 10' x 30" .

input: what are the dimensions of this peninsula?
target: peninsula . what are the dimensions of this peninsula? thanks. love the whole look of these rooms.
output: peninsula. what are the dimensions of this peninsula? thank you

input: what type of floor?
target: flooring . what type of floor? very nice
output: what type of floor? is that hardwood? what type of floor?

input: can it be used to toast?
target: advantium . can it be used to toast? thanks.
output: can it be used to toast? what is the stain on the cabinets? is it white or white?

input: could please tell me where you get it?
target: the hood is so amazing! could please tell me where you get it? thanks
output: i love the pendant lights! could please tell me where you get it? thanks!

input: i love this supended light over the kitchen, what model is it ?
target: suspended light . wow ! i love this supended light over the kitchen, what model is it ?
output: light. i love this supended light over the kitchen, what model is it? thank you!

input: would you know the name/brand that was used?
target: wall color? i love the white color that is used. would you know the name/brand that was used?
output: love the pendants! would you know the name/brand that was used? thank you!

input: what kind of wood is used for the cabinets?
target: cabinets . what kind of wood is used for the cabinets? who manufactures the hood?
output: what kind of wood is used for the cabinets? i love this! thank you!

input: who manufactures them, where they can be purchased?
target: sliding doors . please provide any details on the sliding doors . who manufactures them, where they can be purchased?
output: who manufactures them, where they can be purchased? thanks! i have a customer wanting drinks and a cup of coffee for caesars.

input: also what is the color of the cabinets?
target: hardware is beautiful . where is it from ? also what is the color of the cabinets?
output: what is the color of the cabinets? also what is the color of the cabinets? thank you

input: where are the cabinets from?
target: cabinets . where are the cabinets from? name?
output: where are the cabinets from? what style? beautiful kitchen!

input: can you please tell me what they are called and where they are from?
target: roman shades . love the roman shades! can you please tell me what they are called and where they are from?
output: stools. can you please tell me what they are called and where they are from? thanks

input: can you please tell me how wide the cabinets are on either side of the window.
target: cabinet width . can you please tell me how wide the cabinets are on either side of the window. thanks!
output: cabinet question. can you please tell me how wide the cabinets are on either side of the window. thanks

input: could you please tell me where to purchase the sconces at the windows?
target: lights around windows . could you please tell me where to purchase the sconces at the windows? thanks!
output: where did you purchase the sconces at the windows? i am building a new home and would love to do something similar in my kitchen! could you please tell me where to purchase the sconces at the windows? thanks!

input: hi, where did u purchase the stools.
target: seating. hi, where did u purchase the stools. thanks!
output: stools. hi, where did u purchase the stools. thanks!

input: would you tell me the dimensions?
target: dimensions? this is stunning! would you tell me the dimensions?
output: dimensions please! would you tell me the dimensions? thanks!

input: can you tell me the cabinet manufacturer please?
target: can you tell me the cabinet manufacturer please? love the cabinets. i would like to replace my light cherry shaker cabinets to white and these are the style i'm interested in.
output: cabinet manufacturer? can you tell me the cabinet manufacturer please? thank you!

input: might you know the kind of material and maker?
target: backsplash . hi there. love the look of the wall tile. might you know the kind of material and maker?
output: cabinets. hi there, i love the cabinets. might you know the kind of material and maker?

input: this looks like a gray color with maybe a glaze?
target: can you tell me the stain on the island? this looks like a gray color with maybe a glaze? thank you. it look fabulous!
output: what is the stain on the cabinets? this looks like a gray color with maybe a glaze? thank you!

input: can you please tell me a little about the floor?
target: can you please tell me a little about the floor? is it slate? color?
output: can you please tell me a little about the floor? is it wood or lvt? what type of wood is it?

input: can i please purchase this stain/finish from you?
target: can i buy the mocha finish stain from you? i am putting in alder cabinets in my home in texas and i want to use this same stain. can i please purchase this stain/finish from you? thank you.
output: stain/finish. can i please purchase this stain/finish from you? thank you!

input: my question is, color/stain of floors?
target: i too love this design. my question is, color/stain of floors? beautiful! i love at the beach (in my mind) and would love to do this two.tone look in my 30 year old traditional home. might blow a few minds, but that's nothing new for me! thank you for taking the time to reply.
output: my question is, color/stain of floors? i love this! what is the color of the floors?

input: is there any additional finish on them like a glaze ?
target: upper paint color . love this design. what color was used for the upper white cabinets? is there any additional finish on them like a glaze ? thank you!
output: what type of grout? is there any additional finish on them like a glaze? what is the name of the color?

input: would love it for my kitchen.
target: dark cabinet . what kind of wood is it. would love it for my kitchen.
output: i love the pendant lights. would love it for my kitchen. they are great!

input: what dark stain color did you use on the knotty alder?
target: what dark stain color did you use on the knotty alder? it is a such a nice color! thanks
output: what dark stain color did you use on the knotty alder? it's a beautiful color!

input: can you tell me the brand and color of the wall paint?
target: can you tell me the brand and color of the wall paint? thanks. paint color.
output: paint color. can you tell me the brand and color of the wall paint? thank you!

input: would like to know the material and color.
target: are the countertops blue granite? love the countertops. would like to know the material and color.
output: what is the wall color? would like to know the material and color. thanks

input: what are the measurements of this cabinet?
target: dimensions please!!! what are the measurements of this cabinet? thank you
output: what are the measurements of this cabinet? i'm trying to figure out if this is correct to use this. i'm trying to figure out if this is a good idea.

input: what type of countertop??
target: countertops?? what type of countertop?? we're renovating our kitchen andamp. i love this!
output: what type of countertop? ? what type of countertop? ? thank you!

input: we are wondering how many pendants we should be allowing to give sufficient light.
target: looks great. well done ! what is the spacing of the lights ? we will have a 7 metre long island and will have led lighting. we are wondering how many pendants we should be allowing to give sufficient light.
output: what is the height of the ceiling? we are wondering how many pendants we should be allowing to give sufficient light. thanks

input: woud you please tell me who makes the stove?
target: stove . woud you please tell me who makes the stove? thank you!
output: stove. woud you please tell me who makes the stove? thank you!

input: where can i get those cabinet hardware?
target: cabinet hardware . where can i get those cabinet hardware? are they polished brass?
output: cabinet hardware. where can i get those cabinet hardware? i'm building a house and i want to do something similar in my kitchen.

input: hello what color did you use for the top cabinets and finishes?
target: cabinets . hello what color did you use for the top cabinets and finishes? thank you
output: cabinets. hello what color did you use for the top cabinets and finishes? thank you!

input: which finish did you use on the cabinets?
target: you did an exceptional job!! which finish did you use on the cabinets? you did an exceptional job!! which finish did you use on the cabinets? warm regards, lateesha
output: cabinets. which finish did you use on the cabinets? thank you!

input: can you please provide me that color?
target: bottom cabinet color please! i have searched crazy for 2/12 kitchen of the week (as stated in a previous post) in order to identify the bottom cabinet color and cannot find. can you please provide me that color? :) thanks!
output: what is the wall color? i love this color. can you please provide me that color?

input: from where are the cabinet pulls?
target: from where are the cabinet pulls? love! from where are the cabinet pulls? love!
output: cabinets. from where are the cabinet pulls? thanks!

input: what is the color of the tile?
target: love the backsplash . what is the color of the tile? and do you know who made it?
output: what is the color of the tile? is it white or black? thanks

input: where did the barstools come from?
target: i love this kitchen! where did the barstools come from? i love them!
output: where did the barstools come from? love them! where did the barstools come from?

input: but is are they an off white color or true white?
target: beautiful kitchen!. i know they are custom cabinets . but is are they an off white color or true white?
output: backsplash. i love the backsplash! but is are they an off white color or true white?

input: also what kind of countertops did you use
target: decorations . where did you get the decorations? the mini trees. also what kind of countertops did you use
output: what is the countertop color? also what kind of countertops did you use

input: could you tell me what kind of window blinds these are?
target: window blinds . could you tell me what kind of window blinds these are? love the idea!!
output: window blinds. could you tell me what kind of window blinds these are? thanks

input: where is the cabinet hardware from?
target: cabinet hardware . where is the cabinet hardware from? love the finish! beautiful work!
output: where is the cabinet hardware from? love it! love the cabinet hardware. where can i get it?

input: hello, i was wondering what the dimensions of this pantry are?
target: room dimensions . hello, i was wondering what the dimensions of this pantry are? thank you!
output: dimensions of pantry. hello, i was wondering what the dimensions of this pantry are? thanks!

input: do you know the height of the ceiling?
target: do you know the height of the ceiling? is this feasible with 8' ceiling? thanks.
output: ceiling. do you know the height of the ceiling? thanks!

input: where are they from?
target: stools . love the counter stools . where are they from?
output: chandeliers. where are they from? chandeliers?

input: where can i get the stools?
target: love the counter stools. where can i get them? where can i get the stools?
output: stools. where can i get the stools? thank you.

input: what material and color are the countertops?
target: countertops . what material and color are the countertops? they look great.
output: what material and color are the countertops? i love the countertops. what is the color?

input: where was it purchased?
target: love the bar cart!!! where was it purchased? thank you.
output: love the chair. where was it purchased? thank you.

input: hi, can you tell me the dimensions of the island?
target: island dimensions . hi, can you tell me the dimensions of the island? i love it.
output: dimensions. hi, can you tell me the dimensions of the island? thanks

input: if not where can i find it please?
target: where to buy the banquette . is the banquette a custom piece? if not where can i find it please?
output: light fixture. is that a light fixture? if not where can i find it please?

input: can you tell me the cabinet colors, wall colors and backsplash name and colors!
target: i love this room, everything about it! can you tell me the cabinet colors, wall colors and backsplash name and colors! i am redoing a tiiny condo and think this would make it so great!! we are currently thinking of sherwin williams agreeable grey and snowbound, but i just love this!
output: paint colors. can you tell me the cabinet colors, wall colors and backsplash name and colors! i'm trying to decide which paint to go with. thanks!

input: what is the material and color?
target: love the counters! what is the material and color? thank you!
output: love the floors! what is the material and color? thanks!

input: if indeed wood, what stain was used on them?
target: wood cabinets?? if indeed wood, what stain was used on them? thanks.
output: ceiling beams. are those beams that hang hang from ceiling? if indeed wood, what stain was used on them?

input: would you please provide me information regarding the engineered flooring?
target: beautiful house. flooring? would you please provide me information regarding the engineered flooring? thank you, dianne
output: flooring. would you please provide me information regarding the engineered flooring? thank you!

input: can you share where the bar stools are from?
target: perfect bar stools . what a great kitchen. can you share where the bar stools are from?
output: stools. can you share where the bar stools are from? thank you!

input: is the white panel part of the door part of the fridge or is there a separate glass door outside the fridge?
target: love the wine fridge!!! where is it from? i absolutely love the built in wine fridge. is the white panel part of the door part of the fridge or is there a separate glass door outside the fridge? thank you!
output: is the white panel part of the door part of the fridge or is there a separate glass door outside the fridge? i'm debating debating between a similar look or debating between a more more traditional feel.

input: where may i find these cabinets?
target: beautiful! where may i find these cabinets? they go nicely with the craftsman windows of our house we have in the design stages. thank you.
output: cabinets. where may i find these cabinets? they are beautiful!

input: what is the style or name of the crown molding?
target: great kitchen! lovely! what is the style or name of the crown molding?
output: crown molding. what is the style or name of the crown molding? thank you!

input: can you please advise of the tile size/dimensions.
target: backsplash tile size/dimesnion . i love the backsplash. can you please advise of the tile size/dimensions.
output: backsplash. can you please advise of the tile size/dimensions. thanks

input: how were you able to get the wine fridge door to look like a cabinet door with glass?
target: wine fridge door . gorgeous kitchen! we are wanting a wine fridge in our island, but don't like the look of the stainless glass door. how were you able to get the wine fridge door to look like a cabinet door with glass?
output: wine fridge door. how were you able to get the wine fridge door to look like a cabinet door with glass? it looks like there's a door there.

input: please tell me where to get the black pendant lights.
target: pendants . please tell me where to get the black pendant lights. thank you
output: pendant lights. please tell me where to get the black pendant lights. thank you

input: can you tell me what material you used for the island countertop?
target: can you tell me what material you used for the island countertop? is it honed? i am trying to find the right material for a dull, black look. one that is really off.black, but not grey.
output: island countertop. can you tell me what material you used for the island countertop? thank you

input: what is it?
target: i would love to know the backsplash name too! please let us know. backsplash. what is it?
output: love the flooring! what is it? what is it?

input: what is the back splash?
target: what is the back splash? it is beautiful. i love the lighting choice t . thank youi
output: what is the back splash? is that a tile? what is the back splash?

input: ranch restoration, what are the colors in the kitchen?
target: what is the color? the transitional kitchen. ranch restoration, what are the colors in the kitchen?
output: what are the colors in the kitchen? ranch restoration, what are the colors in the kitchen? it looks like the walls are painted white but i'm guessing they are white.

input: can you please tell me what type of wood the cabinets are?
target: love this. i love this kitchen! can you please tell me what type of wood the cabinets are? and is that a natural finish?
output: cabinets. can you please tell me what type of wood the cabinets are? i'm trying to understand how the wood is durable and i'm trying to do this in my kitchen. thanks!

input: could you please tell me what type of wood the cabinets are and do they have a stain or are they natural?
target: love this . i love these cabinets and this kitchen. could you please tell me what type of wood the cabinets are and do they have a stain or are they natural?
output: what type of wood is this? could you please tell me what type of wood the cabinets are and do they have a stain or are they natural? thank you!

input: can you tell me where to purchase or source the material or something similar to it?
target: can you tell me about the fabric valences? this is a beautiful kitchen. i particularly like the valences. i am assuming they are custom. can you tell me where to purchase or source the material or something similar to it?
output: can you tell me about the fabric and the staining on the fabric? can you tell me where to purchase or source the material or something similar to it? thanks

input: i just had one made a lot like this now have to figure out how to finish it !
target: pine island stained or clear coat ? is it stained a light stain? i just had one made a lot like this now have to figure out how to finish it !
output: what is the finish on the kitchen cabinets? i just had one made a lot like this now have to figure out how to finish it!

input: what type of wood are they?love the kitchen, great work it's beautiful.
target: cabinets? love the cabinets! what type of wood are they?love the kitchen, great work it's beautiful.
output: what type of wood are they? love the kitchen, great work it's beautiful. thank you

input: from where did it come?
target: metal tile . i love the metal piece above the stovetop. from where did it come?
output: light fixture. from where did it come? light fixture?

input: can you tell me about the floor tiles.
target: floor . can you tell me about the floor tiles. are they terra cotta? custom?
output: can you tell me about the floor tiles. are they terra cotta? what is the color/stain?

input: love the beams and perhaps they preexisted, but if not could you share solid/box, dimensions and stain treatment?
target: beam details . love the beams and perhaps they preexisted, but if not could you share solid/box, dimensions and stain treatment? thanks so much!
output: beams. love the beams and perhaps they preexisted, but if not could you share solid/box, dimensions and stain treatment? thanks!

input: can you please tell me where i can buy this from?
target: skylight . love the skylight! what is it made out of? can you please tell me where i can buy this from? thank you!
output: can you please tell me where i can buy this from? i love this kitchen! thank you!

input: and who/where could i get the couch.
target: stools . where could i purchase the stools? they are gorgeous. and who/where could i get the couch. thank you. love everything!
output: i am looking for that chair. what type of chair? and who/where could i get the couch. thank you!

input: what kind of sink is that?
target: what kind of sink is that? just beautiful. love the sink
output: what kind of sink is that? what is the name of it? thanks

input: where can i find them?
target: this kitchen is to die for :.))) especially love these bar stools!!! where can i find them?
output: love the chairs. where can i find them? thanks!

input: hi there.absolutely love this hood .shape style color everything.can you tell me who made this for you?
target: love the hood! hi there.absolutely love this hood .shape style color everything.can you tell me who made this for you? appreciate your time!
output: who made this hood? hi there. absolutely love this hood. shape style color everything. can you tell me who made this for you? thanks

input: what is the cabinetry made of and what type of finish was used on them?
target: cabinetry? i am blown away by the beautiful touches and warmth of this kitchen. what is the cabinetry made of and what type of finish was used on them? thanks.
output: what is the cabinetry made of and what type of finish was used on them? i love the cabinets! what is the wood and trim color?

input: can you tell me where they purchased the back splash.
target: beautiful kitchen! can you tell me where they purchased the back splash. thanks
output: back splash. can you tell me where they purchased the back splash. thanks

input: could you please tell me the dimensions of this island?
target: could you please tell me the dimensions of this island? heighth, length and width, if you can, please. beautiful kitchen! could you please share the dimensions of this island? i am having one made, and i am trying to make it so that we can sit at it, as well as have the drawers there for silverware. would love to know height, length andamp. width if it's possible. thanks!
output: island. could you please tell me the dimensions of this island? thank you!

input: specifically, how the kitchen ties into the family seating area, the adjacent dining nook, the cabinet finishes, fireplace backplate, sink and lighting fixtures.
target: love this kitchen and all the beautiful details, fabrics and finishes! can you pls post more pictures? specifically, how the kitchen ties into the family seating area, the adjacent dining nook, the cabinet finishes, fireplace backplate, sink and lighting fixtures.
output: what is the dimensions of this room? specifically, how the kitchen ties into the family seating area, the adjacent dining nook, the cabinet finishes, fireplace backplate, sink and lighting fixtures.

input: could you please pass on the paint colour?
target: i've been searching for that wall colour! could you please pass on the paint colour? it is perfect!
output: could you please pass on the paint colour? thank you. it is a beautiful kitchen!

input: and do you think it would be durable with a dog?
target: floors . what type of floors? color? and do you think it would be durable with a dog?
output: love the table. what is the material? and do you think it would be durable with a dog?

input: please let me know whats used.
target: ceiling . i'm just in aww of that ceiling. is that tile or wall paper?. it's so cool!! please let me know whats used.
output: cabinets. love the cabinets. please let me know whats used. thanks

input: what type of finish do you use?
target: what type of finish do you use? lacquer or paint. i've been told paint touches up easier andamp. cheaper. but i'm leaning towards lacquer. thanks so much for your time.
output: finish. what type of finish do you use? thanks

input: how high is ceiling and size of stovetop?
target: beautiful kitchen! how high is ceiling and size of stovetop? thanks!
output: beautiful kitchen! how high is ceiling and size of stovetop? thanks

input: was it custom and can i find it?
target: love the fabric on the stools. was it custom and can i find it? thanks!
output: love the flooring. was it custom and can i find it? thank you!

input: who makes it?
target: love the lantern. who makes it? thanks!
output: love the chair. who makes it? thanks

input: where can i buy them please.
target: pendant lights are awesome! where can i buy them please. thanks!
output: pendant lights. love the pendant lights! where can i buy them please.

input: what type of soapstone was used?
target: what type of soapstone was used? from what source? what are the details re? the soapstone countertops? what type of soapstone was used? from what source? thank you
output: what type of soapstone was used? i have a similar flooring and want to replace it. what type of soapstone was used? thank you!

input: could you please share the cabinet color?
target: cabinet color . beautifully done kitchen . could you please share the cabinet color?
output: cabinet color. could you please share the cabinet color? thank you.

input: what is the flooring?
target: flooring . what is the flooring? is it real brick? thanks!
output: what is the flooring? is it wood or lvt? what is the flooring?

input: where can i find them?
target: kitchen redo . love be the counter stools. where can i find them?
output: love the chairs. where can i find them? thanks

input: the finishes in this house show how meticulously planned every room must have been prior to construction.
target: ceiling height and beam depth? seriously one of the most beautiful kitchens/houses on houzz! the finishes in this house show how meticulously planned every room must have been prior to construction. love!!
output: ceiling height. the finishes in this house show how meticulously planned every room must have been prior to construction. i would love to know the height of this ceiling.

input: could you tell me who manufacturers the pendants above the island?
target: beautiful lighting! hi this is a gorgeous living space. i love everything, but i'm looking for light fixtures. could you tell me who manufacturers the pendants above the island? thank you
output: pendants. could you tell me who manufacturers the pendants above the island? thank you!

input: are the electrical outlets under the cabinets: .
target: are the electrical outlets under the cabinets: . i am looking for a way to hide the electrical outlets on the backsplash. looking for suggestions.
output: are the electrical outlets under the cabinets: . i want to install the same range on my cabinets. i'm trying to figure out if this is a practical solution.

input: where are they from?
target: bar chairs? they are beautiful. where are they from?
output: chandeliers. where are they from? chandeliers?

input: what.
target: what. type are lights inside cabinet . brand eric
output: what is the stain on the cabinets? what is the stain on the cabinets? what is the stain color. what is the stain color?

input: real oak hardwood?
target: kitchen floor . what color stain? real oak hardwood?
output: real oak hardwood? what is the stain? what is the stain?

input: also, what style of mouser cabinet?
target: what brand of paint did you use? also, what style of mouser cabinet? we absolutely love the cabinet design and color! we want to mimic it exactly.
output: what style of mouser cabinet? also, what style of mouser cabinet? i'm trying to figure out if this is a good fit.

input: how can i make it feel bigger and open it up?
target: kitchen repair . i have a very small kitchen and i want to make it bigger. how can i make it feel bigger and open it up?
output: how can i make it feel bigger and open it up? i need to make it bigger and i want to do something similar in my kitchen. i want to do this in my kitchen. it's a huge idea and i'm trying to do it in my own kitchen.

input: what type of brick or tile?
target: backsplash.love it! what type of brick or tile? what manufacturer?
output: what type of brick or tile? what is the name of this kitchen? thanks

input: what color is the wall above the window?
target: wall paint . what color is the wall above the window? beautiful kitchen!
output: wall paint color. what color is the wall above the window? it's beautiful!

input: what is the brand andamp.
target: fridge . what is the brand andamp. model of the fridge?
output: love the backsplash. what is the brand andamp. how much space do you put?

input: where can i find this hardware?
target: hardware . this kitchen is so beautiful. where can i find this hardware? i especially love the appliance pulls. looking for something just like this!
output: hardware. where can i find this hardware? thanks!

input: what is the brand of paint ?
target: cabinets . i can't find the color you stated earlier myself. what is the brand of paint ?
output: what is the brand of paint? love it! what is the brand of paint?

input: what is size of the oven, brand name and the cook top name/ size .
target: what is size of the oven, brand name and the cook top name/ size . is the counter cabinet stander size? what is the oven size/brand name? cook top size/brand name? thanks, joanne
output: what is size of the oven. what is size of oven. what is the size of this oven. what is the size of this oven. what is the size of this oven? what is the size of this oven? what is the size of this oven? thanks!

input: what type of wood and stain are on the floor?
target: floor . what type of wood and stain are on the floor? thanks!
output: what type of wood and stain are on the floor? it looks like it's natural pine or fir. what type of wood and stain are on the floor? thanks

input: wanting to specifically what finish they are.
target: cabinet hardware . i am very familiar with the series knobs/pulls used here. wanting to specifically what finish they are. oil rubbed bronze? black? patine black? thanks!
output: what brand of cabinets? wanting to specifically what finish they are. thanks

input: is there any method for picking the right size pull (eg, 1/3 width of drawer).
target: pull proportions . i love your use if different sized pulls and the normandy collection but struggling to determine the right size for my various drawers (ranging from about 14".36"). is there any method for picking the right size pull (eg, 1/3 width of drawer). any advice is much appreciated. thank you!
output: what is the width of the drawers? is there any method for picking the right size pull(eg, 1/3 width of drawer) . i have been looking for a way to select the right size pull. thank you.

input: for your stacked upper cabinets, what is the height of the upper cabinet and the glass cabinet above it.
target: ceiling and upper cabinet heights . for your stacked upper cabinets, what is the height of the upper cabinet and the glass cabinet above it. trying to figure out if this would work with my 9 foot ceilings
output: ceiling and cabinet heights. for your stacked upper cabinets, what is the height of the upper cabinet and the glass cabinet above it. thank you.

input: what colour are the cabinets?
target: cabinets . what colour are the cabinets? are they glazed. thank you.
output: what colour are the cabinets? i'm trying to decide which colour to go with. thanks!

input: would that work or will i be too cramped when the dishwasher is open?
target: would a 6 or 9" cabinet next to the sink be ok to open dishwasher . i have a small l shaped kitchen.10 x 12. i am putting in a corner sink. because of space issues i would like to put either a 6 or 9 inch pull out cabinet between the sink base and the dishwasher. would that work or will i be too cramped when the dishwasher is open?
output: would that work or will i be too cramped when the dishwasher is open? i'm trying to decide between a standard 8' x 6' size. i'm guessing the 6' 6" . thanks.

input: what size are the ones on the refrigerator?
target: love the handles. what size are the ones on the refrigerator? on the wide drawers? thank you!
output: what size are the ones on the refrigerator? i love the size of the cabinets. what is the size of the cabinets?

input: could you please tell me what brand refrigerator this is?
target: could you please tell me what brand refrigerator this is? i am having a very difficult time finding a single door, bottom freezer that will accept panels and that i can still put a cabinet above. hanks in advance
output: could you please tell me what brand refrigerator this is? i love the look! thank you!

input: how many inches does the sink step in from the rest of counter edge if it wasn't stepped in?
target: sink . how many inches does the sink step in from the rest of counter edge if it wasn't stepped in? also any pics that show the rest of the kitchen?
output: how many inches does the sink step in from the rest of counter edge if it wasn't stepped in? i'm guessing this is the exact number of steps that take the kitchen wall, but i'm worried it will not pull the door in. thanks.

input: what is the angle degree on the bayed countertop.??.
target: what is the angle degree on the bayed countertop.??. i'm wondering if there is room to stand at sink and still access / load the dishwasher .??. i would like to use this design approach but it's been suggested that it's a bad design for this reason. seems to me if you leave some room on either side of sink before you make the angle then there should be room to stand at sink. with dishwasher door down.
output: what is the angle degree on the bayed countertop. ? ? . i'm planning on doing something similar in my kitchen. i'm planning on doing something similar. thanks!

input: what color is the trim around the windows next to the creamy cabinet color?
target: trim color . what color is the trim around the windows next to the creamy cabinet color? looks good
output: what color is the trim around the windows next to the creamy cabinet color? i love this!

input: what wood is the floor?
target: floors . what wood is the floor? looks wonderful!
output: what wood is the floor? is it wood or engineered? what wood is the floor?

input: can you provide the details on these?
target: pull handles . i love these pull handles. can you provide the details on these? thanks in advance!
output: i love the pendant lights. can you provide the details on these? they are amazing!

input: what is the color that is used on the cupboards?
target: patsy . what is the color that is used on the cupboards? is it an antique white or white?
output: what is the color that is used on the cupboards? this kitchen is amazing! what is the color that is used on the cupboards?

input: what grout color did you use?
target: love the backsplash! what grout color did you use? love the backsplash! what grout color did you use?
output: grout color? what grout color did you use? thanks

input: could you share what size your island is?
target: great work. island size? just discovered your work. so beautiful. could you share what size your island is? everything is so beautiful.
output: island size. could you share what size your island is? thank you!

input: what stain color did you use?
target: floors! i'd love to know about these gorgeous floors . are they white oak? what stain color did you use? thanks!
output: stain color. what stain color did you use? thank you.

input: what is the paint color to the right of the backsplash?
target: paint color . what is the paint color to the right of the backsplash? thank you!
output: what is the paint color to the right of the backsplash? this is a beautiful kitchen! what is the paint color to the right of the backsplash?

input: what is the item in the niche and where can i find it?
target: what is the item in the niche and where can i find it? thanks . i have a niche in my kitchen i need to fill and i am looking for something different.
output: what is the item in the niche and where can i find it? i have a niche in my kitchen that i want to do in my new kitchen. i have a niche in my kitchen that i want to be sure it is accessible.

input: also, what is the name of the backsplash tile and where can i get it?
target: paint color and backsplash . what is the paint color on the wall? also, what is the name of the backsplash tile and where can i get it? great kitchen design.
output: backsplash. what is the name of the backsplash tile and where can i get it? thank you!

input: i have an 8 ft island similarly shaped.what is the width of the lights.
target: size of lights . i have an 8 ft island similarly shaped.what is the width of the lights. i'm putting 2 lights in but unsure of size i need to provide proper lighting. thanks.
output: what is the width of the lights. i have an 8 ft island similarly shaped. what is the width of the lights. i have an 8 ft island similarly shaped. is the width of the lights. thanks

input: hi could you please provide the dimensions of the island?
target: dimensions . island . hi could you please provide the dimensions of the island? thanks
output: dimensions. hi could you please provide the dimensions of the island? thank you!

input: what brand and color are these kitchen cabinets?
target: we are in love with this kitchen. what brand and color are these kitchen cabinets? where did you find those lights? what kind and what color is the countertop?
output: what brand and color are these kitchen cabinets? i love the look of this kitchen. what is the color?

input: i'd love to know the color of the granite too!???
target: granite color . i'd love to know the color of the granite too!??? it's beautiful
output: what is the color of the granite? i'd love to know the color of the granite too! ! ! thank you!

input: would this unit work?
target: cabinet door is 19" opening. there is 24" depth from the door opening. to the left there is 44" our cabinet door would open with the hinges on the left and the 44" of space is to the left. just the opposite of the picture. would this unit work? thanks
output: would this unit work? thank you!

input: where did you / the client find this antique lab table?
target: antique laboratory table turned kitchen island . where did you / the client find this antique lab table? i would like to find something similar.
output: where did you/the client find this antique lab table? i would love to know the style of this table and what style is it. thanks!

input: can you please tell us the finish on faucet/pulls and who makes them?
target: faucet/cabinet hardware maker and finish . can you please tell us the finish on faucet/pulls and who makes them? love the britannia blue lower cabinet color with the brass color!! blends nicely with the unique antique island.
output: faucet/cabinet maker and finish. can you please tell us the finish on faucet/pulls and who makes them? thanks

input: is that an artifact of the lighting, natural variation in the glaze, or did you mix shades of tile around the room?
target: tiles . i love the way the tiles seem to change color around the kitchen. is that an artifact of the lighting, natural variation in the glaze, or did you mix shades of tile around the room?
output: is that an artifact of the lighting, natural variation in the glaze, or did you mix shades of tile around the room? i'm doing a similar project and am planning on doing a similar style for my kitchen. i'm trying to figure out if this is a good fit for my kitchen design.

input: do you remember the wall color?
target: wall paint color? thank you for your speedy reply on the cabinets. do you remember the wall color? all of the colors blend so well together!
output: paint color. do you remember the wall color? thanks

input: hi, could you please tell me the manufacturer of and make/model details fo teh cabinets?
target: kitchen cabinets . hi, could you please tell me the manufacturer of and make/model details fo teh cabinets? and, i'm assumining it's a laminate? thanks
output: cabinets. hi, could you please tell me the manufacturer of and make/model details fo teh cabinets? thanks!

input: what is the edge detail and corners on the counter?
target: what is the edge detail and corners on the counter? i love the look! is it pencil edge and 1/4" round on corners? thanks
output: what is the edge detail and corners on the counter? i love this kitchen! what is the edge detail and corners on the counter? thanks

input: people all have the same question.how do you keep the window clean ?
target: have you had any problems with the window behind the stove ? i love the window behind the stove idea and want to do the same thing in my kitchen. people all have the same question.how do you keep the window clean ? i don't think it would be a problem at all. what are the pro's and con's of the window behind the stove top.
output: window clean? people all have the same question. how do you keep the window clean? thanks!

input: are they full overlay?
target: cabinets . are they full overlay? gorgeous.
output: cabinets. are they full overlay? what is the dimension?

input: what type of material is on the wall?
target: wall material?? what type of material is on the wall? thanks
output: what type of material is on the wall? i love this! what is the color/stain?

input: would you mind sharing what size this grill counter is.
target: grill area detail . this is beautiful! would you mind sharing what size this grill counter is. also which brand of appliances you purchased. also, are these cabinets waterproof? which type of wood is used? thank you so much!
output: grill area detail. would you mind sharing what size this grill counter is. thank you!

input: could you please share the material and color of the island countertop?
target: countertop of island? could you please share the material and color of the island countertop? thank you!
output: island countertop. could you please share the material and color of the island countertop? thank you!

input: hi, what wood floors are these?
target: woodfloors? hi, what wood floors are these? thanks, gabi
output: wood floors. hi, what wood floors are these? thank you!

input: what are the floor colors and island color?
target: floor colors and island color? what are the floor colors and island color? thanks!
output: what are the floor colors and island color? i love this kitchen! what are the floor colors and island color? thank you!

input: guessing maybe these are 33" high cabinet?
target: ceiling . do you know the ceiling height? guessing maybe these are 33" high cabinet? i'm working on 8' ceiling kitchen and trying to keep enough space below cabinet for balance. thanks.
output: ceiling. guessing maybe these are 33" high cabinet? thanks!

input: can you please tell me what brand and color used on the cabinets and wall?
target: wall/cabinet color . can you please tell me what brand and color used on the cabinets and wall? thank you
output: cabinets and wall. can you please tell me what brand and color used on the cabinets and wall? thank you!

input: for the range hood, did your fabricator just add a piece of oak similar to your flooring?
target: range hood design . hi, love all your houses! for the range hood, did your fabricator just add a piece of oak similar to your flooring?
output: range hood. for the range hood, did your fabricator just add a piece of oak similar to your flooring? what is the wood and trim?

input: have you had any problems with the water?
target: windows . are the window wood or fiberglass? have you had any problems with the water? thanks for answering. i am debating to use wood or fiberglass in my flush to the counter windows in my new kitchen.
output: cabinets. have you had any problems with the water? thanks!

input: could you please tell me the overall dimensions of the window in front of the sink?
target: kitchen sink window size? could you please tell me the overall dimensions of the window in front of the sink? thank you.
output: window dimensions. hello! could you please tell me the overall dimensions of the window in front of the sink? thanks!

input: who did the window treatments .
target: who did the window treatments . who did the window tratments? love them.
output: who did the window treatments. who did the window treatments. who did the window treatments. where can i find it?

input: could you please tell me what material the flooring is?
target: could you please tell me what material the flooring is? thank you. could you please tell me what the flooring material is? thanks!
output: flooring? could you please tell me what material the flooring is? thanks!

input: would you mind sharing makes those windows and is that a special type of install?
target: love the windows and the way the are installed. love the windows flush to counter tops without a sill! beautiful and very unique. would you mind sharing makes those windows and is that a special type of install? wish we could see above the valance. the view is stunning. thanks! love the whole kitchen. i have drawer envy.
output: windows. would you mind sharing makes those windows and is that a special type of install? thanks!

input: where are these from?
target: so much to love . i love the wallpaper and the chairs. where are these from?
output: stools. where are these from? thanks!

input: would mind sharing where the wonderful wallpaper is from?
target: wallpaper . would mind sharing where the wonderful wallpaper is from? i'm in love.
output: wonderful wallpaper. would mind sharing where the wonderful wallpaper is from? thanks!

input: i was wondering what cabinet line these were from/who was your cabinet maker?
target: cabinet maker . i was wondering what cabinet line these were from/who was your cabinet maker? i love the butternut wood and would like to check these out. thank you.
output: cabinet maker. i was wondering what cabinet line these were from/who was your cabinet maker? thank you!

input: was it done with dry wall mud?
target: ceiling . sorry to bother you again about this ceiling, but we ready to do our ceiling and i want it to look like this. you said in a previous comment, it was a "stucco like" treatment. was it done with dry wall mud? stucco? if you would share the material that would be wonderful.
output: flooring. what is the flooring? was it done with dry wall mud?

input: can you tell me where they are from?
target: light fixtures . love the light fixtures above the island . can you tell me where they are from?
output: pendants. can you tell me where they are from? thanks!

input: what color of granite was used for counter top?
target: counter top . what color of granite was used for counter top? was it honed? thanks
output: counter top question. what color of granite was used for counter top? thank you

input: where can i purchase these?
target: cabinet hardware. love the long cabinet handles. where can i purchase these?
output: love the chairs. where can i purchase these? they are beautiful chairs!

input: can you share the source?
target: what a beautiful rug! can you share the source? thanks!
output: love the pendant lights! can you share the source? thank you.

input: would you please share what it is?
target: wallpaper . love this wallpaer. would you please share what it is?
output: i love the flooring! would you please share what it is? thanks!

input: are the cabinets a true white or a creamy white?
target: are the cabinets a true white or a creamy white? they are lovely. i am trying to decide on frost white cabinets or creamy white, my back splash is white subway tile. thanks
output: cabinets. are the cabinets a true white or a creamy white? what is the paint color?

input: can you provide the type of flooring and stain used?
target: beautiful floors! what is the stain color? can you provide the type of flooring and stain used?
output: flooring. can you provide the type of flooring and stain used? thank you!

input: i love the island countertops but am wondering what you used as the backsplash.
target: backsplash . i just love this kitchen. i am doing a large renovation with a full kitchen gut and addition. my cabinets are custom with bm snowflake with a chocolate glaze. i love the island countertops but am wondering what you used as the backsplash. thank you for your time answering my question. best regards!
output: what is the backsplash? i love the island countertops but am wondering what you used as the backsplash. thanks

input: what are the dimensions of this dining area and how many does it comfortably seat?
target: breakfast nook dimensions . i have 5x7 space to make a breakfast nook. what are the dimensions of this dining area and how many does it comfortably seat?
output: what are the dimensions of this dining area and how many does it comfortably seat? i love this layout!

input: what colors are the walls and cabinets?
target: wall and cabinet color . what colors are the walls and cabinets? thanks!
output: what colors are the walls and cabinets? i love this! what colors are the walls and cabinets?

input: how tall are the cabinets to right and left of cooking surface?
target: how tall are the cabinets to right and left of cooking surface? thank . we’ll laid out kitchen. nice design.
output: how tall are the cabinets to right and left of cooking surface? i like the look of this. i like the feel of the cabinets and the open feel.

input: but i know you said the island is 80 x 82, but anyway you can tell me how much space is on the side of the island for the two flanking stools?
target: island barstool side space . i know this is a long shot. but i know you said the island is 80 x 82, but anyway you can tell me how much space is on the side of the island for the two flanking stools? or can you tell me the width of the custom barstools?
output: what is the side of the island? this is a beautiful kitchen! but i know you said the island is 80 x 82, but anyway you can tell me how much space is on the side of the island for the two flanking stools? thanks!

input: or does it have room on the side for breakfast table?
target: island . does this kitchen only have island? or does it have room on the side for breakfast table? asking because i have breakfast table and island but wish to replace table space, and expand the island. just didn't know if it was a good idea.
output: breakfast table. is that a double island? or does it have room on the side for breakfast table?

input: where were the chairs purchased?
target: chairs . where were the chairs purchased? they are beautiful!
output: where were the chairs purchased? i'm in love with this kitchen! where were the chairs purchased?

input: what brand and where do i purchase?
target: what type of floor is this? this looks like a ceramic wood look floor. what brand and where do i purchase?
output: what brand and where do do i purchase? thanks!

input: what material is it?
target: like the dark wood floor. what material is it? engineered? width?
output: countertop. what material is it? countertop?

input: can you please tell me the material and color of the backsplash and dark countertop?
target: backplash and countertop . can you please tell me the material and color of the backsplash and dark countertop? :) thank you!
output: backsplash and counters. can you please tell me the material and color of the backsplash and dark countertop? thanks!

input: can someone tell me where i can find them to purchase?
target: love the pendant lights over the island! can someone tell me where i can find them to purchase? thanks!
output: pendants. can someone tell me where i can find them to purchase? thanks

input: can you please tell me where it is from and the pattern name?
target: love the tile. can you please tell me where it is from and the pattern name? is it ceramic or stone?
output: love the tile. can you please tell me where it is from and the pattern name? thank you.

input: any chance you can provide the kitchen dimensions?
target: any chance you can provide the kitchen dimensions? hi hayley. this kitchen is just so lovely and inviting. i'm loving all the windows!
output: any chance you can provide the kitchen dimensions? i have a similar plan and i want to do something similar in my kitchen. i have a similar plan and i want to do the same thing in my kitchen.

input: can you please tell me the manufacturer of the island stools.
target: island stools . can you please tell me the manufacturer of the island stools. thank you
output: stools. can you please tell me the manufacturer of the island stools. thank you

input: and is trim color the same or different?
target: what color paint is on the cabinets? cabinet color . and is trim color the same or different?
output: trim color. what is the color on the cabinets? and is trim color the same or different?

input: can you provide name and color of tile, and perimeter counter?
target: tile, counters . can you provide name and color of tile, and perimeter counter? thanks
output: tile, counters. can you provide name and color of tile, and perimeter counter? thank you!

input: can you please tell me the type of tile that was used for the flooring?
target: what type of tile was used for the floor . can you please tell me the type of tile that was used for the flooring? material? brand name and where i may be able to find it?
output: what type of tile was used for the flooring? can you please tell me the type of tile that was used for the flooring? thank you.

input: where can i get the shelves/brackets?
target: shelving . where can i get the shelves/brackets? they're perfect
output: where can i get the shelves/brackets? i love this kitchen! i'm in love with this. it's a beautiful kitchen!

input: can you please tell me the color used on the cabinets.
target: beautiful design . can you please tell me the color used on the cabinets. thank you.
output: cabinet color. can you please tell me the color used on the cabinets. thank you

input: could you please tell me the name of the stools and where they came from?
target: love the stools. could you please tell me the name of the stools and where they came from? thank you.
output: stools. could you please tell me the name of the stools and where they came from? thank you!

input: are the door and window hardward chrome and brass?
target: door and window hardward . i love the colors in this kitchen, beautiful! are the door and window hardward chrome and brass? i have brass hardware in my kitchen and replacing the patio door and at a loss as to whether or not to use brass or mix the medal with brushed chrome. thoughts?
output: door and window hardward. are the door and window hardward chrome and brass? what is the color/finish? thanks!

input: would love to find those stools .
target: would love to find those stools . they look designer quality. can you tell how to find them?
output: would love to find those stools. who is the manufacturer? thanks

input: please let us know which company made the cabinets and which style doors were used?
target: cabinets? please let us know which company made the cabinets and which style doors were used? thank you.
output: cabinets. please let us know which company made the cabinets and which style doors were used? thanks!

input: what is the paint and finish on the cabinets and will it go well with white macaubus counter tops ?
target: what is the paint and finish on the cabinets ? thank you . this is a gorgeous kitchen. what is the paint and finish on the cabinets and will it go well with white macaubus counter tops ?
output: what is the paint and finish on the cabinets? what is the paint and finish on the cabinets? i love this kitchen!

input: tile or wood?
target: floor . need floor with radiant heat in my kitchen. need to know the mfg of the tiles and the name of the design. any other ideas . tile or wood? that can be used with radiant heat.
output: tile or wood? what is the name of this tile. i love this tile.

input: where are the counter stools from?
target: stools? stunning kitchen! where are the counter stools from?
output: stools. where are the counter stools from? thank you!

input: what is it made of?
target: countertop . the countertop is beautiful. what is it made of? thanks!
output: countertop. what is it made of? thank you.

input: what material is the island built of?
target: island material . what material is the island built of? stain? thank you
output: island material. what material is the island built of? thank you!

input: is the la cornue range black or dark blue?
target: range . is the la cornue range black or dark blue? this kitchen is amazing!
output: range. is the la cornue range black or dark blue? what is the color?

input: where can i get this area rug runner?
target: rug . where can i get this area rug runner? beautiful.
output: rug. where can i get this area rug runner? thank you.

input: could you tell me where you purchased the stools from?
target: stools? could you tell me where you purchased the stools from? thank you!
output: stools. could you tell me where you purchased the stools from? thank you!

input: can you please the floor type.
target: floor . can you please the floor type. is it wood or tiles?
output: floor. can you please the floor type. thank you.

input: also, the facuet make and finish?
target: what is the counter top? marble? also, the facuet make and finish?
output: what is the finish on the cabinets? also, the facuet make and finish? thank you!

input: could you please share the island cabinet color and the tile used for the backsplash?
target: island and backsplash . beautiful kitchen! could you please share the island cabinet color and the tile used for the backsplash?
output: could you please share the island cabinet color and the tile used for the backsplash? thank you!

input: can you share who made these?
target: brass shelving?? love the open brass shelving. can you share who made these?
output: who made these? love the pendant lights! can you share who made these?

input: could you please share who makes them?
target: love the island lights! could you please share who makes them? island lighting company?
output: i love the pendants! could you please share who makes them? thank you!

input: what material is the backsplash , metal or glass?
target: cozy and beautiful . what material is the backsplash , metal or glass? source?
output: backsplash. what material is the backsplash, metal or glass? what is the color?

input: how are they anchored to the wall, and what is the load.bearing capacity?
target: gorgeously functional kitchen! browsing the ideabook on your kitchen has been so inspiring! tell me more about the wooden shelving . how are they anchored to the wall, and what is the load.bearing capacity? presumably pretty good, as you've got quite a bit of stuff stacked on them. thanks!
output: how is the load. bearing capacity? how is the load. bearing capacity? thanks!

input: do they come in 24"?
target: great chairs! were are they from . do they come in 24"?
output: love the cabinets. do they come in 24" ? what size are they?

input: could you tell me what color the backsplash is and is .
target: great kitchen. could you tell me what color the backsplash is and is . is the backsplash tile beveled and glossy. could you tell me the color
output: backsplash. could you tell me what color the backsplash is and is. thanks

input: can you please tell me the colour of the cabinetry?
target: cabinetry . can you please tell me the colour of the cabinetry? cloud white?
output: cabinetry. can you please tell me the colour of the cabinetry? thank you.

input: what is the width of the island legs?
target: width of island legs . what is the width of the island legs? width of island?
output: island legs. what is the width of the island legs? thanks

input: what color is the cabinet hardware?
target: cabinet hardware . what color is the cabinet hardware? love!
output: what color is the cabinet hardware? love the cabinets! thank you!

input: do you have faucet details?
target: faucets . thanks for all the answers! do you have faucet details?
output: faucet details? this is a beautiful kitchen! i'm in love with this. i'm trying to figure out if the cabinets are stained or stained. do you have faucet details?

input: where did you get the stools?
target: love the kitchen . love this kitchen! where did you get the stools?
output: stools. where did you get the stools? thanks!

input: can you please give the dimensions of the island?
target: love love love this kitchen! can you please give the dimensions of the island? oh and i love that slit of a sink in it!
output: dimensions. can you please give the dimensions of the island? thank you.

input: i'm also looking to use similar countertop (honed granite), do you recommend i go with a pure, bright white or off white cabinets that are slightly on a cream side?
target: love the kitchen. cabinet color recommendation? i'm also looking to use similar countertop (honed granite), do you recommend i go with a pure, bright white or off white cabinets that are slightly on a cream side?
output: what is the countertop color? i'm also looking to use similar countertop(honed granite) , do you recommend i go with a pure, bright white or off white cabinets that are slightly on a cream side? thank you!

input: would you share the countertop and backsplash materials?
target: so pretty! would you share the countertop and backsplash materials? thanks!
output: would you share the countertop and backsplash materials? thanks!

input: what is the counter top and back splash?
target: what is the counter top and back splash? marble? quartz? granite? please let me know the name of the granite (if it is granite). thanks
output: what is the counter top and back splash? i love this! what is the counter top and back splash? thanks!

input: did you paint existing cabinets or custom order new cabinets?
target: kitchen cabinets . did you paint existing cabinets or custom order new cabinets? i absolutely love it!
output: cabinets. did you paint existing cabinets or custom order new cabinets? i'm in love with this kitchen!

input: where are the pendants from?
target: where are the pendants from? love them . trying to match and no luck!
output: where are the pendants from? love them! love the pendants!

input: what brand cabinets are these and what color are the base?
target: what brand cabinets are these and what color are the base? thank you . what brand cabinets are these and what color are the base? thank you
output: what brand cabinets are these and what color are the base? i love the cabinets! thank you!

input: could you tell me the color and wood specie of the island please.
target: great island color . could you tell me the color and wood specie of the island please. thank you. monica mmcguigan@ewkitchens.com
output: could you tell me the color and wood specie of the island please. thank you.

input: can you please share the brand name, style and color?
target: interesting cabinet pulls . i love your choice of cabinet pulls for this kitchen. can you please share the brand name, style and color? thank you!
output: backsplash. can you please share the brand name, style and color? thank you!

input: can you tell me where they can be purchased?
target: cabinets . i am in love with these cabinets. can you tell me where they can be purchased?
output: i love the pendant lights. can you tell me where they can be purchased? thank you!

input: what brand and material make up are the white lower cabinets as well as the beige surround the ovens?
target: what brand and material are the lower white cabinets . what brand and material make up are the white lower cabinets as well as the beige surround the ovens? love the modern gloss look !thank you so much!
output: what brand and material are the lower white cabinets? what brand and material make up are the white lower cabinets as well as the beige surround the ovens? thanks

input: could you please tell me the cabinet color and grout color?
target: cabinet color . could you please tell me the cabinet color and grout color? thank you
output: cabinet color. could you please tell me the cabinet color and grout color? thank you!

input: wondering who makes the wallpaper and chandeliers?
target: love this room! wondering who makes the wallpaper and chandeliers? thanks!
output: love this room! wondering who makes the wallpaper and chandeliers? thanks!

input: is it possible to install such beams in place of a load bearing wall?
target: steel column/beam . hi, i absolutely love this space and am looking to renovate and create a similar look/feel. did you install the steel beams/columns, or were they part of the preexisting structure. is it possible to install such beams in place of a load bearing wall?
output: load bearing wall. is it possible to install such beams in place of a load bearing wall? what is the material?

input: what is the color of the window mullions + casing?
target: window casing + mullion color? what is the color of the window mullions + casing? what color is the window hardware?
output: window mullions+casing+casing? what is the color of the window mullions+casing? thanks

input: if were to replicate, love the brick, and brick as exterior, what insulation?
target: insulation . what type of insulation? if were to replicate, love the brick, and brick as exterior, what insulation?
output: brick. if were to replicate, love the brick, and brick as exterior, what insulation? thanks!

input: hi, can you tell me where i could find the shelves?
target: shelves? hi, can you tell me where i could find the shelves? and if they were custom made, who made them? we are renovating in this style in the kitchen real soon! thanks!
output: shelves. hi, can you tell me where i could find the shelves? thanks

input: can i find more pics of this house?
target: can i find more pics of this house? and is that subway tile? can i find more pics of this house? and is that subway tile?
output: can i find more pics of this house? i need to see the backsplash. can i find more pics of this house?

input: how can i find it?
target: love the narrow slide out pantry. whereis it from ? how can i find it?
output: love the chair. how can i find it? thanks

input: would you kindly tell me the dimensions of this wonderful design piece.
target: dimensions of this piece . would you kindly tell me the dimensions of this wonderful design piece. thank you barbara
output: dimensions. would you kindly tell me the dimensions of this wonderful design piece. thank you!

input: where did u buy the stone hood.
target: remolding our kitchen . where did u buy the stone hood. was it custom made?
output: where did u buy the stone hood. i love this kitchen! where did u buy the stone hood. it's beautiful!

input: and if it's wood, what type of paint or sealant did you use?
target: our new kitchen . what type of material is the backsplash? and if it's wood, what type of paint or sealant did you use?
output: flooring. what type of wood is this? and if it's wood, what type of paint or sealant did you use?

input: do you also by chance know how wide they are?
target: pendants . hi there! love your pendants. could you tell me the make and name of it? do you also by chance know how wide they are? thanks!
output: dimensions. hi there, i'm in love with this kitchen. i'm in love with this. do you also by chance know how wide they are? thanks!

input: may i please know the purchasing information for it?
target: unbelievable!!! i can’t believe no one asked about that pretty wallpaper! may i please know the purchasing information for it? thank you in advance.
output: purchasing information. this kitchen is absolutely gorgeous! may i please know the purchasing information for it? thank you!

input: what color and brand is the grout used for the backsplash!
target: grout . what color and brand is the grout used for the backsplash! love the back splash!
output: grout color. what color and brand is the grout used for the backsplash! thanks!

input: what color are the tiles ?
target: backsplash tile . beautiful kitchen ! what color are the tiles ? thank you for the maker.
output: what color are the tiles? i love this kitchen! what color are the tiles?

input: can you tell me the brand, style and color of these pulls?
target: cabinet pulls . can you tell me the brand, style and color of these pulls? thanks
output: pulls. can you tell me the brand, style and color of these pulls? thank you.

input: who makes the one inside the sink in the picture please?
target: sponge holder inside sink? i notice there's a sponge holder inside the sink. i just assumed they couldn't be attached to a fireclay sink. who makes the one inside the sink in the picture please? btw: i'm a huge fan of all your work.
output: who makes the one inside the sink in the picture please? i need to do a similar look for my kitchen remodel. i want to do the same thing in my kitchen. i want to do the same look with my cabinets andamp. i have a similar cabinet and i want to do the same look. thanks!

input: what is the sink size?
target: sink size? hello . what is the sink size? is this the 24" rhol?
output: what is the sink size? i love this kitchen! what is the sink size?

input: can you please tell me the color/brand/information of the green subway tiles?
target: backsplash tile . can you please tell me the color/brand/information of the green subway tiles? i'd like to know about the sink as well.
output: backsplash. can you please tell me the color/brand/information of the green subway tiles? thank you!

input: what kind of material is the counter top?
target: counter top . what kind of material is the counter top? name of color please. thanks a bunch!
output: counter top. what kind of material is the counter top? thank you

input: where did you find open shelving that could hold that much weight?
target: the open shelving . where did you find open shelving that could hold that much weight? thanks!
output: open shelving. where did you find open shelving that could hold that much weight? thanks!

input: just wondering who manufactured the glass cabinet doors.
target: glass cabinet doors . to clarify . just wondering who manufactured the glass cabinet doors.
output: glass cabinet doors. just wondering who manufactured the glass cabinet doors. thank you

input: how many inches from cooktop to bottom edge of hood?
target: hood height . how many inches from cooktop to bottom edge of hood? thanks
output: how many inches from cooktop to bottom edge of hood? how many inches from cooktop to bottom edge of hood? thanks

input: can you please tell me the name of the paint color?
target: contrasting island . can you please tell me the name of the paint color? thank you.
output: paint color. can you please tell me the name of the paint color? thank you!

input: i can't tell from your photo, but is your crown molding the same color as cabinets or is it different?
target: crown molding . beautiful kitchen! i can't tell from your photo, but is your crown molding the same color as cabinets or is it different? thank you!
output: crown molding. i can't tell from your photo, but is your crown molding the same color as cabinets or is it different? what is the color of this room?

input: can you tell me what color stain was used on the floor and if it's red or white oak?
target: albertla122 . can you tell me what color stain was used on the floor and if it's red or white oak? redoing all my floors and just love that color. thank you
output: floor. can you tell me what color stain was used on the floor and if it's red or white oak? thank you!

input: can you tell us the cabinet color.
target: what is the cabinet color . can you tell us the cabinet color. the light beige ?
output: cabinet color. can you tell us the cabinet color. thank you

input: can you tell me the name of the granite color?
target: our countertop . can you tell me the name of the granite color? i have the same color cabinets and that would look great!
output: can you tell me the name of the granite color? i love the gray! thank you!

input: what is the maker and model of the cooktop?
target: cooktop? what is the maker and model of the cooktop? thank you for your inspiring photo.
output: cooktop. what is the maker and model of the cooktop? thank you!

input: looks like the trashcan stays exposed because the towel area is open?
target: is there a cover for the trash can? looks like the trashcan stays exposed because the towel area is open? doesn't that let smell out?
output: is the trash can in the corner of the pantry? looks like the trashcan stays exposed because the towel area is open? what is the area for that area?

input: can you tell me what the wood post is finished with?
target: love! this! we're renovating our home and have a similar look in mind with white and woods. can you tell me what the wood post is finished with? thanks!
output: what wood post is this? can you tell me what the wood post is finished with? thank you!

input: beautiful cabinets, wood?
target: beautiful cabinets . beautiful cabinets, wood? painted color?
output: beautiful cabinets, wood? what is the stain? thanks

input: would you mind sharing with me what you used on the countertops and backsplash?
target: countertops and backsplash . would you mind sharing with me what you used on the countertops and backsplash? thanks!
output: would you mind sharing with me what you used on the countertops and backsplash? thanks!

input: can you tell me the brand and name of the paint color on the wall?
target: paint color? can you tell me the brand and name of the paint color on the wall? thanks!
output: paint color. can you tell me the brand and name of the paint color on the wall? thank you

input: i don't see an oven anywhere.
target: where is the oven? i don't see an oven anywhere. is it in the island?
output: where did you get the oven? i don't see an oven anywhere. is it a 36" ?

input: what are the dimensions of the island and the overhang?
target: island . what are the dimensions of the island and the overhang? also wanted to find out width of aisles on either side of island.
output: island. what are the dimensions of the island and the overhang? thank you

input: what kind of solution was used for the shelf lighting?
target: shelf lighting . what kind of solution was used for the shelf lighting? led light strips?
output: shelf lighting. what kind of solution was used for the shelf lighting? thank you!

input: i'd love to know where you found the floor runner and whether it's a flat weave/knotted etc.
target: floor runner . i'd love to know where you found the floor runner and whether it's a flat weave/knotted etc. thanks!
output: floor runner. i'd love to know where you found the floor runner and whether it's a flat weave/knotted etc. thanks

input: is that marble or manufactured surface?
target: the counter tops? is that marble or manufactured surface? love the color scheme. thanks.
output: marble or manufactured surface? is that marble or manufactured surface? thank you!

input: could you share the source for the lights above the sink area?
target: lights above sink . love the space! could you share the source for the lights above the sink area? again, great space!
output: lights. could you share the source for the lights above the sink area? thank you!

input: what was used on the windows?
target: love, love this kitchen!! thanks for giving the paint colors. what was used on the windows? thanks.
output: what was used on the windows? love the windows. what was used on the windows?

input: what is the wall color?
target: wall color . what is the wall color? love it. warm and light.
output: wall color. what is the wall color? thank you.

input: is the kitchen counter natural or man made?
target: kitchen counter and cabinets . is the kitchen counter natural or man made? are cabinets walnut? stained?
output: is the kitchen counter natural or man made? is the kitchen counter natural or man made? what is the material?

input: can you tell me the materials (shower and bath wall tiles)?
target: bathroom tiles details . this house is a masterpiece! i love the elegance, simplicity and functionality of the space. can you tell me the materials (shower and bath wall tiles)? thanks.
output: what type of tile is this? can you tell me the materials(shower and bath wall tiles) ? thanks

input: hello, what material was used for the backsplash, is it a glass slab?
target: backsplash material? hello, what material was used for the backsplash, is it a glass slab? thanks
output: backsplash. hello, what material was used for the backsplash, is it a glass slab? thanks

input: are you able to divulge the brand/name?
target: backsplash tile. yes, that backsplash tile is stunning. are you able to divulge the brand/name?
output: kitchen cabinets. are you able to divulge the brand/name? thank you!

input: please share where they are from?
target: leather island chairs . beautiful island chairs. please share where they are from?
output: stools. please share where they are from? thank you.

input: would you please share the manufacturer or source for the gold sconces that sit above the windows?
target: gold sconces . would you please share the manufacturer or source for the gold sconces that sit above the windows? thank you!
output: gold sconces. would you please share the manufacturer or source for the gold sconces that sit above the windows? thanks!

input: can you tell me what the flooring is?
target: beautiful flooring . i'm in love with the warmth of this space. can you tell me what the flooring is? thank you!
output: flooring. can you tell me what the flooring is? thanks!

input: what is the counter top made of?
target: countertop love color . what is the counter top made of? what’s the name?
output: counter tops. what is the counter top made of? thank you!

input: is it made of metal or what material and if so how is it finished?
target: bronze hood . material? the range hood really sets off the kitchen design. is it made of metal or what material and if so how is it finished? thank you
output: what type of wood is this flooring? is it made of metal or what material and if so how is it finished? thank you!

input: can you tell me the name and make?
target: love the wood tile. can you tell me the name and make? kitchen remodel
output: love the flooring. can you tell me the name and make? thanks!

input: what is the wood floor in the kitchen made from?
target: what is the wood floor in the kitchen made from? laminate?wood? color? i would like a similar wood floor in my remodel
output: what is the wood floor in the kitchen made from? what is the wood floor in the kitchen made from? thank you

input: what are the dimensions of the kitchen?
target: room size . what are the dimensions of the kitchen? it's beautiful!
output: what are the dimensions of the kitchen? i love this layout. what are the dimensions of the kitchen?

input: same size island?
target: cost of approx. same size island? thank you for your info.
output: same size island? what is the size of this island? thanks

input: from where ?
target: backsplash . from where ? really love the subway tile in the stone !
output: light fixtures. from where? love the light fixtures. where can i get them?

input: where were they purchased?
target: love the island pendants! where were they purchased? thank you.
output: love the stools! where were they purchased? thank you!

input: what paint did you use?
target: island paint color . love the color of the island. what paint did you use? thanks!
output: paint color. what paint did you use? thanks

input: love the backsplash tile, where is it from?
target: love the backsplash tile, where is it from? beautiful . remodeing a kitchen and bathroom and i love the blue tile
output: love the backsplash tile, where is it from? what is the name of it? thanks

input: would you mind providing the dimensions?
target: room dimensions . would you mind providing the dimensions? i love the layout, but cannot grasp the scale. thank you.
output: dimensions please. would you mind providing the dimensions? thanks!

input: what is the brick around the window , .
target: what is the brick around the window , . trying to match a brick backslash with a bone cabinets and brown countertop. i will also have a distressed island
output: what is the brick around the window, . i love this! what is the brick around the window, . thanks!

input: i was wondering where i can buy them.
target: distressed chambray counter height bar stools . hi i love these bar stools and would like to purchase them. i was wondering where i can buy them. the bar stool are counter height distressed wood with a c chambray colored seat and half of the back. thank you so much suzi
output: i was wondering where i can buy them. thanks. i love the pendant lights!

input: what tile is used here?
target: love this tile! what tile is used here? thank you!
output: what tile is used here? is it granite? what tile is used here?

input: is the island countertop calacata nuvo?also what colour is the island?
target: is the island countertop calacata nuvo?also what colour is the island? beautiful kitchen. would like to know paint colour of the island? thank you,
output: is the island countertop calacata nuvo? also what colour is the island? thank you!

input: what brand or where is it from?
target: where is the chair/stool from? i love the blue upholstered chair. what brand or where is it from?
output: love the chair. what brand or where is it from? thank you!

input: where did you get the sliding door hardware from?
target: hardware . where did you get the sliding door hardware from? we sell some that is nearly identical but this type looks like it has a very different style for mounting to the wall.
output: hardware. where did you get the sliding door hardware from? i love it!

input: would you mind telling me the size of the island and the designer and model of the range?
target: i love this kitchen!! it is the inspiration for my kitchen reno. would you mind telling me the size of the island and the designer and model of the range? also, where did you hide the oven? thanks.
output: size of island and range. would you mind telling me the size of the island and the designer and model of the range? thank you!

input: what brand is the coffeemaker?
target: coffeemaker model . what brand is the coffeemaker? thank you.
output: coffeemaker. what brand is the coffeemaker? thank you.

input: can you tell us the brand and style?
target: flooring . love the flooring! can you tell us the brand and style? thanks!
output: what is the wall paint color? can you tell us the brand and style? thanks!

input: what are they ?
target: countertops . they are gorgeous! what are they ?
output: countertops. what are they? thanks

input: love the narrow shelves, could you tell me if they were bought and where or custom made?
target: we're the shelves bought or custom made? love the narrow shelves, could you tell me if they were bought and where or custom made? thank you!
output: love the narrow shelves, could you tell me if they were bought and where or custom made? thank you!

input: can you tell me what the wood is for these cabinets?
target: love the cabinets! can you tell me what the wood is for these cabinets? also, what treatment did you use/color of stain? gorgeous!
output: cabinets. can you tell me what the wood is for these cabinets? thank you!

input: can you tell me the measurement of space between island and range/counter?
target: island distance from counter . can you tell me the measurement of space between island and range/counter? thank you!
output: dimensions of island and counter. can you tell me the measurement of space between island and range/counter? thank you!

input: i am looking for something similar, can you please share from where you have gotten them?
target: backsplash tiles? are these custom made? i am looking for something similar, can you please share from where you have gotten them?
output: pendant lights. i am looking for something similar, can you please share from where you have gotten them? thanks!

input: how is the countertop and overhang supported to prevent sagging?
target: how is the countertop and overhang supported to prevent sagging? my plans call for an 8’8” quartz run with a 13” overhang. i understand with long runs the quartz can sag and plywood isn’t enough support to prevent sagging. thank you for reply.
output: how is the countertop and overhang supported to prevent sagging? how does the countertop and overhang supported to prevent sagging? is it a solid slab or a 6 foot?

input: can you please share the grout color?
target: grout color . can you please share the grout color? thanks!
output: grout color. can you please share the grout color? thank you!

input: what is it called??
target: love the color of the cabinets! what is it called?? paint details please!
output: love the flooring! what is it called? ? thanks

input: what are the dimensions of the island?
target: lovely! what are the dimensions of the island? thanks!
output: what are the dimensions of the island? i love this! what are the dimensions of the island? thanks

input: what is the color of the cabinets?
target: what is t . what is the color of the cabinets? thank you
output: what is the color of the cabinets? i love this kitchen! what is the color of the cabinets?

input: hi, would you mind sharing the stone used for the island countertop?
target: countertop material? hi, would you mind sharing the stone used for the island countertop? thank you! it's gorgeous.
output: stone used for the island countertop. hi, would you mind sharing the stone used for the island countertop? thank you!

input: is the cabinet painted in benjamin moore and what color blue is it?
target: is the cabinet painted in benjamin moore and what color blue is it? i love the color you chose for the cabinets! please tell me what it is. thank you.
output: is the cabinet painted in benjamin moore and what color blue is it? i'm in the middle of my kitchen and i'm worried it will get dark. this is a beautiful kitchen.

input: what type of solid surface did you use here?
target: solid surface . what type of solid surface did you use here? it is beautiful. thank you!
output: solid surface. what type of solid surface did you use here? thank you!

input: is this backsplash polished marble with white grout?
target: backsplash question . hello! is this backsplash polished marble with white grout?
output: backsplash question. is this backsplash polished marble with white grout? what is the name of it?

input: what type of cabinets?
target: new kitchen . beautiful kitchen. what type of cabinets?
output: what type of cabinets? what type of cabinets? what are they?

input: was wondering if you do custom lighting?
target: beautiful! do you use custom lighting? love the layout! was wondering if you do custom lighting? my boss and i looked through your work and are interested in possibly working with you for future projects. feel free to contact us at (818) 597.9494. thanks so much!
output: lighting. was wondering if you do custom lighting? love the pendants!

input: please share any info that you may have as to where to get such a lovely range hood.
target: custom range hood . i love the whole design! please share any info that you may have as to where to get such a lovely range hood. it fits so well with the chosen range. thank you!
output: where did you get the range hood? please share any info that you may have as to where to get such a lovely range hood. thanks

input: who makes the pendants over the island?
target: love your design . who makes the pendants over the island? they are lovely!
output: who makes the pendants over the island? who makes the pendants over the island? thank you!

input: do you know what the floor stain is and the original wood?
target: love your kitchen, very warm and soft. do you know what the floor stain is and the original wood? thank you.
output: floor. do you know what the floor stain is and the original wood? thanks

input: can you share which company makes these windows?
target: window manufacturer . can you share which company makes these windows? thanks!
output: windows. can you share which company makes these windows? thanks!

input: hello, i know this project is more the a year old, but any chance you remember who makes the pulls for the refrigerator .
target: refrigerator handles . hello, i know this project is more the a year old, but any chance you remember who makes the pulls for the refrigerator . i need 18" and don't like any i am finding. many thanks in advance, sue
output: what is the finish on the refrigerator? hello, i know this project is more the a year old, but any chance you remember who makes the pulls for the refrigerator. thank you.

input: what is the wallpaper on the ceiling?
target: wallpaper? so pretty! what is the wallpaper on the ceiling?
output: what is the wallpaper on the ceiling? is it real wood or paint? what is the wallpaper on the ceiling?

input: also is that an appliance garage?
target: what type of wood is this? beautiful design. quite thoughtful. i love the positioning of the double ovens. i often find one or the other a little awkward. also is that an appliance garage? bravo!
output: what is the kitchen layout? also is that an appliance garage? what is the layout?

input: can you tell me who is the manufacturer of the table?
target: table . can you tell me who is the manufacturer of the table? or is it custom made? what are the dimensions?
output: table. can you tell me who is the manufacturer of the table? thank you!

input: would you have the dimensions of the alcove?
target: dining area bench . would you have the dimensions of the alcove? is the red corner bench custom made?
output: dimensions. would you have the dimensions of the alcove? thanks!

input: do you know where to get them?
target: i like the lights over dining table . do you know where to get them? i would like to see them up close.
output: love the chairs. do you know where to get them? thanks!

input: do you mind sharing your source?
target: where is the table from? i've been looking for a smaller size breakfast table that would work in our nook. this looks perfect. do you mind sharing your source? thanks.
output: cabinet hardware. love this pantry! do you mind sharing your source? thanks

input: what is the horse print in the costal ranch kitchen hallway?
target: horse print in kitchen hallway . what is the horse print in the costal ranch kitchen hallway? is there another picture available of it? thank you.
output: horse print in kitchen hallway? what is the horse print in the costal ranch kitchen hallway? i'm planning on doing something similar in my new home.

input: what is the ceiling height in this kitchen?
target: what is the ceiling height in this kitchen? ceiling height? thank you for your responses
output: ceiling. what is the ceiling height in this kitchen? thanks!

input: where are the light fixtures from?
target: where are the light fixtures from? love these light fixtures. think they would look fabulous in my new renovated living room.
output: light fixtures. where are the light fixtures from? love them!

input: would you be so kind as to tell me the colour of the paint on the island?
target: island paint colour . would you be so kind as to tell me the colour of the paint on the island? thank you.
output: what colour is the island? would you be so kind as to tell me the colour of the paint on the island? thank you!

input: love these cabinets, do you happen to know the color?
target: cabinet color . love these cabinets, do you happen to know the color? thanks so much!
output: cabinets. love these cabinets, do you happen to know the color? thanks

input: can you tell me wood, stain, where they were purch?
target: love these floors. can you tell me wood, stain, where they were purch? thanks, it is a lovely home~!!!
output: floors. can you tell me wood, stain, where they were purch? thank you.

input: what kind of countertop material is this?
target: what kind of countertop material is this? love the color! thanks
output: what kind of countertop material is this? i love the look you've achieved here. thanks!

input: were these cabinets painted a white?
target: colour of white cabinets . were these cabinets painted a white? do you have the color name? are they white or an off.white?
output: cabinets. were these cabinets painted a white? what color stain?

input: where are these stools from?
target: stools . where are these stools from? love the counter stools! where are they from?
output: stools. where are these stools from? thank you!

input: would you share the color?
target: blue island color . great blue! would you share the color? thank you!
output: color. would you share the color? thank you!

input: can you tell me where i could find these island legs?
target: where can i find these island legs? i love this island!! can you tell me where i could find these island legs? are these 6”? our island is going to be 103” x 71” with some sort of additional overhang for seating. i’m trying to figure out the best size for the posts/leg. i love this island! thank you!
output: island legs. can you tell me where i could find these island legs? thank you!

input: can you provide the color of the stain used?
target: island stain color? can you provide the color of the stain used? it's lovely
output: stain color. can you provide the color of the stain used? thank you!

input: where can i get it?
target: chandelier . it's beautiful! where can i get it?
output: chandelier. love this chandelier. where can i get it?

input: what are the white cabinets colors and the wall color?
target: what are the white cabinets colors and the wall color? thank you!!! it is beautiful
output: what are the white cabinets colors and the wall color? i love this kitchen! what are the white cabinets colors and the wall color? thanks!

input: what is the species of the wood on the island and range surround?
target: wood species . what is the species of the wood on the island and range surround? do you know how it was treated to preserve the color? thank you! gorgeous kitchen :)
output: what is the species of the wood on the island and range surround? what is the species of the wood on the island and range surround? what is the species of the wood on the island and range surround? thanks

input: hello, can you please tell me what the brand of the mission oak stain is?
target: brand of stain . hello, can you please tell me what the brand of the mission oak stain is? thanks!
output: brand of stain. hello, can you please tell me what the brand of the mission oak stain is? thank you!

input: i am thinking of doing the exact same backsplash in my kitchen and i was wondering how hard it is to keep clean and also what you use to clean it.
target: is the backsplash hard to clean . i am thinking of doing the exact same backsplash in my kitchen and i was wondering how hard it is to keep clean and also what you use to clean it. thanks
output: what is the thickness of the wall? i am thinking of doing the exact same backsplash in my kitchen and i was wondering how hard it is to keep clean and also what you use to clean it. thanks

input: what type of wood is used for the cabinets and what color is the stain?
target: cabinetry . what type of wood is used for the cabinets and what color is the stain? thanks!
output: what type of wood is used for the cabinets and what color is the stain? what is the stain color? thanks

input: could you tell me the wall color, please?
target: love the colors! could you tell me the wall color, please? i love the warmth of the room!
output: could you tell me the wall color, please? thank you! it is a beautiful room!

input: what granite is this?
target: granite . what granite is this? thanks!
output: what granite is this? i love this pendant. what is it?

input: can you please tell me the dimensions of the island as well as how much space is in between the island and other cabinets.
target: love the island space. can you please tell me the dimensions of the island as well as how much space is in between the island and other cabinets. thanks
output: what is the space between the cabinets and the island? can you please tell me the dimensions of the island as well as how much space is in between the island and other cabinets. thank you.

input: lastly, what kind of countertop is that and what is the color name?
target: cabinets, floor and countertop names please? what is the cabinet wood and color? what is the floor wood and color? lastly, what kind of countertop is that and what is the color name? all beautiful!
output: what is the color of the cabinets? lastly, what kind of countertop is that and what is the color name? thank you

input: would you please share what type of wood you used for the cabinets and if it's a veneer?
target: cabinet material? would you please share what type of wood you used for the cabinets and if it's a veneer? thank you
output: cabinets. would you please share what type of wood you used for the cabinets and if it's a veneer? thanks!

input: what kind of quartz on counter and what kind of granite on island?
target: counter materials? what kind of quartz on counter and what kind of granite on island? thanks
output: what kind of quartz on counter and what kind of granite on island? i love this kitchen!

input: source?
target: bar stool info please . those bar stools are beautiful. source?
output: bar stools. i love the bar stools. source?

input: what is the dimension of each curved island counter top?
target: what is the dimension of each curved island counter top? where on earth did you get a table this shape? thanks!
output: what is the dimension of each curved island counter top? i love this kitchen! thanks!

input: can you tell me the company please.
target: chandelier is beautiful . love the open feel of this beautiful chandelier. can you tell me the company please. your kitchen is fabulous!
output: can you tell me the company please. thanks. i have a client that wants the same company.

input: what are the dimensions of the island unit, including all components?
target: what are the dimensions of the island unit, including all components? hello, what a lovely, unique design! wondering how much open space we need? if we can't do seating for 6 at the bench, maybe 4? with kind regards, lizza
output: what are the dimensions of the island unit, including all components? i love this kitchen! what are the dimensions of the island unit, including all components?

input: debating eliminating kitchen table for big island what’s the length to fit 5 in this kitchen?
target: length of island . debating eliminating kitchen table for big island what’s the length to fit 5 in this kitchen? i have almost identical pre pic !
output: length of island. debating eliminating kitchen table for big island what’s the length to fit 5 in this kitchen? thank you!

input: what is the countertop for the island?
target: island countertop . lovey! what is the countertop for the island?
output: what is the countertop for the island? thank you! what is the countertop for the island? thank you!

input: could you please tell me the paint colors on the ceiling, beams and walls.
target: beautiful job!!! wish i could make my kitchen look like that! could you please tell me the paint colors on the ceiling, beams and walls. thanks
output: paint colors. could you please tell me the paint colors on the ceiling, beams and walls. thanks

input: what is the floor wood type?
target: love this kitchen! what is the floor wood type? what stain was used?
output: what is the floor wood type? is it wood or engineered? what is the floor wood type? thanks

input: and do you know the name?
target: light fixtures . the light fixtures are absolutely beautiful! who makes them? and do you know the name?
output: love the chairs. what are the dimensions of the chairs? and do you know the name?

input: where are the chairs from?
target: those chairs! hello! where are the chairs from?
output: where are the chairs from? i love this kitchen! please tell me where they are from?

input: dimensions of the kitchen?
target: dimensions of the kitchen? hello! lovely kitchen layout, i will have a very similar one and was hoping you can share your kitchen dimensions. thank you!
output: dimensions of the kitchen? what is the wall color? what is the wall color?

input: can you share the source?
target: love globe light. can you share the source? light fixture
output: love the pendant lights! can you share the source? thanks!

input: what material is the floor?
target: what material is the floor? details please. thanks.
output: floor. what material is the floor? is it wood or l. what color?

input: would you share the source please ?
target: bar stools . love the bar stools . would you share the source please ? thanks in advance !
output: love the pendant lights! would you share the source please? thanks!

input: are the cabinets "custom built" and how did you get such a great stain match, cabinets/floor?
target: cabinets and hardwood floors. same wood? white oak prehaps? absolute love the seamless look from cabinets to flooring! are the cabinets "custom built" and how did you get such a great stain match, cabinets/floor? any resources are appreciated!
output: cabinets. are the cabinets" custom built" and how did you get such a great stain match, cabinets/floor? thanks!

input: is it possible to get the basic floor plan of the house?
target: love this house! is it possible to get the basic floor plan of the house? we are planning to build and would love something like this. thanks!
output: is it possible to get the basic floor plan of the house? is it possible to get the basic floor plan of the house? is it possible to get the basic floor plan of the house?

input: can you please tell me where you got your pendants from?
target: lighting . such a beautiful kitchen! can you please tell me where you got your pendants from? thank you soo much!
output: pendants. can you please tell me where you got your pendants from? thank you!

input: is the backsplash tile matte white?
target: is backsplash tile matte white? is the backsplash tile matte white? and what size?
output: backsplash. is the backsplash tile matte white? what is the color?

input: would you be so kind as to share the make and model of the backsplash tile?
target: great combination! i love your finish selections. would you be so kind as to share the make and model of the backsplash tile? i love the “waves” in them. kudos and thanks!
output: backsplash. would you be so kind as to share the make and model of the backsplash tile? thank you!

input: what are these countertops, please?
target: this is incredible! what are these countertops, please? this is incredible! what are these countertops, please? i would absolutely love to know! this house makes me want to move states!!
output: what are these countertops, please? i would love to know the names of these countertops in this kitchen! what are these countertops, please?

input: what is the color of the stain on the beams?
target: what is the color of the stain on the beams? love it . what is the color of the stain on the beams?
output: what is the color of the stain on the beams? it's beautiful!

input: how high is the first shelf from the counter, and then how far apart are the remaining two shelves from each other?
target: curious about faucet and shelf heights . what's the approx height of the faucet? how high is the first shelf from the counter, and then how far apart are the remaining two shelves from each other? also, how deep are the shelves? i love the look you designed here, and know some of the magic is in the execution of the spacing and depth. any advice / insight you have would be appreciated. thank you!
output: how high is the first shelf from the counter, and then how far apart are the remaining two shelves from each other? i am wondering if this is the best example of this design! thank you!

input: hi, which color richlite did you use?
target: richlite color . hi, which color richlite did you use? i see on their website grey’s harbor and slate, they could both be the one you used. thanks!
output: richlite color. hi, which color richlite did you use? thanks!

input: did you use honed or a leather finish?
target: countertop . beautiful project! what is the countertop material? did you use honed or a leather finish?
output: honed or a leather finish? i'm trying to figure out if i need to do this in my kitchen. did you use honed or a leather finish?

input: can you tell me about the open shelving?
target: open shelving on brackets . can you tell me about the open shelving? where purchased?
output: open shelving. can you tell me about the open shelving? what is the name of it? thank you

input: could you please tell me what the flooring is and where it came from.
target: beautiful flooring. could you please tell me what the flooring is and where it came from. thank you.
output: flooring? could you please tell me what the flooring is and where it came from. thank you

input: what material is vent hood?
target: venthood . what material is vent hood? was it custom made?
output: vent hood. what material is vent hood? thanks

input: wood species, manufacturer, and finish?
target: beautiful kitchen! i would love to know about the cabinetry. wood species, manufacturer, and finish? they have a beautiful aged tone. are they topped with soapstone?
output: wood species, manufacturer, and finish? what is the finish on the cabinets? what is the finish on the cabinets? what is the finish?

input: where can i buy the willow gray paint?
target: beautiful kitchen . where can i buy the willow gray paint? i live in lehigh, florida
output: where can i buy the willow gray paint? i love the gray. where can i buy the willow gray paint?

input: would i be able to have a copy this photo?
target: would i be able to have a copy this photo? i would like to blow this picture up to use it as a mural. please advise and thank you!
output: would i be able to have a copy this photo? i would like to copy this photo. please tell me where it is from? thanks!

input: what is the name of the stone and what stone is it.
target: love the kitchen! what is the stone on the center island. what is the name of the stone and what stone is it. thank you
output: love the stone. what is the name of the stone and what stone is it. thank you.

input: does anyone know who made them, and what wood they are?
target: what brand and material are the cabinets? these are really attractive cabinets and handles. does anyone know who made them, and what wood they are? thank you!
output: what wood floors are these? these are amazing! does anyone know who made them, and what wood they are?

input: i'm trying to figure out why i like these color cabinets more then all the other grey cabinets i keep on seeing.
target: cabinets color . i'm trying to figure out why i like these color cabinets more then all the other grey cabinets i keep on seeing. it's much richer and deeper. is it because the yellow lighting? the coloring in the picture? is the color itself so rich?
output: cabinets. i'm trying to figure out why i like these color cabinets more then all the other grey cabinets i keep on seeing. i'm doing a similar plan but worried about the space lost and the space between the cabinets.

input: where were the bar chairs purchased?
target: bar chairs . where were the bar chairs purchased? thank you
output: bar chairs. where were the bar chairs purchased? thank you!

input: is it merely the insert and you just didn't cover it?
target: vent a hood . i love this look and have searched high and low. what brand did you use for this kitchen? is it merely the insert and you just didn't cover it? this is one of my favorite kitchens. great work!
output: is it merely the insert and you just didn't cover it? i'm trying to figure out if this is a good fit for my new kitchen. i'm guessing it is a 36" wide range. thanks!

input: forgive me but how does the painting of cabinets work ?
target: painted cabinets . hi leslie! forgive me but how does the painting of cabinets work ? is it done by a cabinet maker? is there a special coating on them? thank you! beautiful job on this kitchen!!
output: cabinets. forgive me but how does the painting of cabinets work? thank you!

input: what did you use for the floor?
target: great design! what did you use for the floor? what did you use for the floor? a wonderful kitchen.
output: what did you use for the floor? is it wood wood or lvt? what is the stain color?

input: what is the name of the paint color on the walls?
target: paint . what is the name of the paint color on the walls? thank you
output: paint color. what is the name of the paint color on the walls? thanks

input: do you know if this hood was a stock item or custom made?
target: stainless steel hood . i have been looking for a simple hood like this one without having it custom made with the insert. do you know if this hood was a stock item or custom made? thank you.
output: hood. do you know if this hood was a stock item or custom made? thank you!

input: what's the size of the island 4x8 or bigger?
target: island size . beautiful design! what's the size of the island 4x8 or bigger? the slab size and island cabinet. looks like you have a 1ft or so overhang for the chairs. thank you
output: island size. what's the size of the island 4x8 or bigger? thanks

input: backsplash, by your expert opinion would this color cabinet go with the sea pearl quartzite?
target: gorgeous kitchen . love this kitchen! could you please tell me the cabinet color name/brand andamp. the finish of it. im remodeling in a couple of weeks, i purchased sea pearl quartzite for the counter tops andamp. backsplash, by your expert opinion would this color cabinet go with the sea pearl quartzite?
output: love the cabinets! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

input: what is the backsplash tile?
target: backsplash. this kitchen makes me swoon! what is the backsplash tile?
output: backsplash. what is the backsplash tile? what is the backsplash tile? thanks

input: who makes the cabinet pulls?
target: new kitchen . who makes the cabinet pulls? fantastic kitchen. ty for sharing.
output: who makes the cabinet pulls? love the cabinet pulls. who makes the cabinet pulls?

input: i was hoping you could tell me what the dimensions of this island are?
target: island dimensions . i was hoping you could tell me what the dimensions of this island are? thanks so much. this is my dream kitchen!
output: dimensions. i was hoping you could tell me what the dimensions of this island are? thanks!

input: could you please tell me the dimensions of this kitchen and the window size.
target: this kitchen is beautiful! could you please tell me the dimensions of this kitchen and the window size. thank you!
output: dimensions. could you please tell me the dimensions of this kitchen and the window size. thanks

input: what is the cabinet and wall color, please?
target: this kitchen sings! what is the cabinet and wall color, please? is it semigloss? did you do a stainless sink? i would love to see additional photos of this home. beautiful work. thank you for your responsiveness to questions.
output: what is the cabinet and wall color, please? i love this kitchen! what is the cabinet and wall color, please?

input: what is upper cabinet height / ceiling height ?
target: height . what is upper cabinet height / ceiling height ? beautiful job ! thanks for your response
output: ceiling. what is upper cabinet height/ceiling height? thanks

input: who makes it?
target: range hood? look the look. who makes it?
output: love the pendant. who makes it? thanks

input: who makes the cabinet hardware.
target: handles . who makes the cabinet hardware. love those handles!
output: cabinet hardware. who makes the cabinet hardware. love the cabinet hardware. where can i find it?

input: what material did you use for kitchen counters, andamp.
target: kitchen surfaces . i also live in davis, with our hard water. what material did you use for kitchen counters, andamp. how does it stand up to hard water, berry juice, etc.
output: kitchen counters. what material did you use for kitchen counters, andamp. how much space do you put on the island? thanks

input: curious how you like the rubio monocoat, we have it on our new construction and it’s terrible.
target: rubio monocoat? curious how you like the rubio monocoat, we have it on our new construction and it’s terrible. i hate it!
output: rubio monocoat. curious how you like the rubio monocoat, we have it on our new construction and it’s terrible. i want to do this in my kitchen cabinets like this.

input: what is the wood and stain color?
target: this is a beautiful kitchen! what is the wood and stain color? thanks
output: floors. what is the wood and stain color? thanks

input: what are those lovely tiles you used on the island?
target: tiles along the island! what are those lovely tiles you used on the island? i really like the graphic design!
output: tiles. what are those lovely tiles you used on the island? thank you!

input: what was the inspiration behind it?
target: inspiration . love this room! what was the inspiration behind it?
output: inspiration. what was the inspiration behind it? thank you

input: would love to know the source of these shelves!
target: are the shelves custom built or ordered? i'm trying to design a similar pantry and debating between cabinetry without doors versus custom shelving, or another option! would love to know the source of these shelves! beautiful!
output: would love to know the source of these shelves! thank you!

input: can you please share the dimensions?
target: great pantry . great pantry! can you please share the dimensions? thanks!
output: dimensions. can you please share the dimensions? thanks!

input: where did they get the artwork hanging on the wall.
target: artwork . where did they get the artwork hanging on the wall. gorgeous!
output: where did they get the artwork hanging on the wall. i love this! where did they get the artwork hanging on the wall. it's amazing!

input: i have been desperately searching for someone who can make this exactly!
target: hanging metal shelves . can you tell me who fabricated the hanging metal shelves for you? i have been desperately searching for someone who can make this exactly! thanks so much for your help
output: i have been desperately searching for someone who can make this exactly! i have been desperately searching for someone who can make this exactly! thank you!

input: where are they from/brand?
target: love these cup pulls and knobs. where are they from/brand? and finish?
output: love the pendant lights. where are they from/brand? thank you!

input: i love how these are proportioned with the range hood.
target: classy and elegant. love it! what size are the corbels under range hood? what are the dimensions of the range hood corbels? i'm having difficulty deciding on the size needed for our custom range hood. i love how these are proportioned with the range hood.
output: distance between range hood and range hood. i love how these are proportioned with the range hood. thank you

input: where are the outlets?
target: outlets . where are the outlets? hidden?
output: where are the outlets? i love the outlets. where do you find the outlets?

input: what are the countertops?
target: countertops? warm and rich kitchen. what are the countertops? thank you.
output: what are the countertops? i love the countertops. what are the countertops? thank you

input: where are the stools and rugs from?
target: love this kitchen. where are the stools and rugs from? thanks!
output: stools. where are the stools and rugs from? thank you!

input: any chance of knowing where you found it?
target: lighting!! i can't believe no one has asked about the lighting over the island! beautiful! any chance of knowing where you found it? antique?
output: i have a question about the refrigerator. any chance of knowing where you found it? thanks!

input: what color white are the cabinets?
target: dreamy kitchen . what color white are the cabinets? and what color are the knobs? love your attention to detail
output: what color white are the cabinets? i love this kitchen!

input: can you please share the paint color and the crown molding color.thank u
target: paint color . very nice kitchen! can you please share the paint color and the crown molding color.thank u
output: paint color. can you please share the paint color and the crown molding color. thank u

input: would you share cabinet color?
target: love this! would you share cabinet color? thank you!
output: cabinet color? beautiful! would you share cabinet color? thank you!

input: this format looks similar to what i was considering.
target: width of kitchen . hi just wondering if you could tell me the width of the kitchen or the spacing on each side of the island. this format looks similar to what i was considering. thanks!
output: this format looks similar to what i was considering. i would like to know the approximate approximate size of this square square. thank you!

input: where did you find the light fixtures?
target: great kitchen! where did you find the light fixtures? they are beautiful!
output: light fixtures. where did you find the light fixtures? they are beautiful!

input: can you please tell me the manufacturer and style?
target: cabinets? hi, i love these cabinets! can you please tell me the manufacturer and style? thanks so much!
output: cabinets. can you please tell me the manufacturer and style? thanks

input: and can you tell me what size/grout color/gloss/ceramic/etc?
target: where did you purchase the tile? and can you tell me what size/grout color/gloss/ceramic/etc? it's beautiful!
output: backsplash. what size is the backsplash? and can you tell me what size/grout color/gloss/ceramic/etc? thanks!

input: the matte wood protector you used… is it a poly?
target: what is the finish and thickness of the walnut? we are about to undergo a kitchen reno this summer and your kitchen is our inspiration! we love the warm wood accents, hood design and white cabinets . amazing work! we went to look at reclaimed lumber yesterday and plan to use walnut as well. when it is oiled it gets quite dark. the matte wood protector you used… is it a poly? can you share the product name? is that all you used to treat the wood? if you could share a bit about that process and product, i would greatly appreciate it,. thank you!
output: the matte wood protector you used…is it a poly? what is the number of the poly crown? thanks

input: what type of hood did you use?
target: hood? what type of hood did you use? is it an under cabinet hood? thanks
output: hood. what type of hood did you use? thanks

input: could you please explain/expand on the process for how you obtained the color and matte finish?
target: island countertop color and process . could you please explain/expand on the process for how you obtained the color and matte finish? stain color/product names more than welcome. thanks for posting this brilliant kitchen
output: flooring. could you please explain/expand on the process for how you obtained the color and matte finish? thank you!

input: i saw you used pental quartz.which color?
target: color of pental? i love this kitchen! i saw you used pental quartz.which color? thanks.
output: i am planning to install a light fixture over the island. i am planning on hanging lanterns in the dining area and have a customer that wants a light fixture. i am planning on using this in my kitchen. i am concerned that the light fixture would not catch the light. i am concerned with the cost. i am concerned with the cost of hanging lanterns in a room like this. i am concerned

input: i am trying to decide on a stainless or enamel 33 inch sink0 i see yours and wonder what you picked and if you are pleased or would you suggest enamel.
target: i am updating my kitchen . i am trying to decide on a stainless or enamel 33 inch sink0 i see yours and wonder what you picked and if you are pleased or would you suggest enamel. is it worth the money? thanks gina
output: i am trying to decide on a stainless or enamel 33 inch sink0 i see yours and wonder what you picked and if you are pleased or would you suggest enamel. thanks

input: what are the dimensions of the island?
target: what are the dimensions of the island? i love the look and it appears to fit the space i am working with in my kitchen. thanks!
output: dimensions. what are the dimensions of the island? thanks!

input: would you share where you sourced the walnut island top from?
target: walnut island top. lovely work! would you share where you sourced the walnut island top from? and, the thickness? much thanks in advance for reply!
output: walnut island top. beautiful kitchen! would you share where you sourced the walnut island top from? thank you!

input: who makes them?
target: pendents . who makes them? thanks
output: pendants. who makes them? thanks

input: could you please share the manufacturer?
target: i love that wine fridge! could you please share the manufacturer? i love that wine fridge! could you please share the manufacturer?
output: love the pendant lights. could you please share the manufacturer? thank you.

input: could you share the dimensions of the tall upper cabinet unit on the right?
target: size of upper cabinets to the right . could you share the dimensions of the tall upper cabinet unit on the right? i’m considering something similar. thank you!
output: great kitchen! could you share the dimensions of the tall upper cabinet unit on the right? thank you!

input: i'm working with a cabinet maker who is looking to source similar doors.
target: rails and stiles . i love the rails and stiles used on the door faces. i'm working with a cabinet maker who is looking to source similar doors. would you mind sharing where you were able to obtain them?
output: cabinet doors. i'm working with a cabinet maker who is looking to source similar doors. they're beautiful!

input: can you tell me where they are from?
target: backsplash . i love the backsplash tiles. can you tell me where they are from?
output: pendants. can you tell me where they are from? thanks!

input: they are really beautiful and different wood?
target: can you tell me about the floors? they are really beautiful and different wood? laminate? color? finish?
output: what type of wood is this? they are really beautiful and different wood? what is the wood color?

input: what finish are your fixtures (sink) and cabinet hardware?
target: fixtures and hardware . what finish are your fixtures (sink) and cabinet hardware? thanks!
output: fixtures. what finish are your fixtures(sink) and cabinet hardware? i love your work!

input: and the entire square footage of the home?
target: kitchen size . what size is the kitchen ? and the entire square footage of the home?
output: what size is the kitchen? and the entire square footage of the home? what size is the kitchen?

input: can you please tell me the make and colour of the hardwood?
target: what is the beautiful flooring . can you please tell me the make and colour of the hardwood? thank you
output: what is the stain? can you please tell me the make and colour of the hardwood? thank you

input: do you by chance remember it’s name/color?
target: hi again.found backsplash tile tag but . found the backsplash tile tag but can’t tell which tile this is on their website. do you by chance remember it’s name/color?
output: love the tile on the island! do you by chance remember it’s name/color? thank you!

input: would you please provide the manufacturer of these pendants .
target: pendants . would you please provide the manufacturer of these pendants . thank you!
output: pendants. would you please provide the manufacturer of these pendants. thank you!

input: can it be made as a pull out instead of sliding?
target: love the door. can it be made as a pull out instead of sliding? due to space limitations, i need it a a pull out with the rustic look hardward.
output: pull out pull out pull out pull pull out pull pull out pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull

input: can you tell me what type of wood/color and tile?
target: love the tile and wood floor . can you tell me what type of wood/color and tile? thank you.
output: love the floors! can you tell me what type of wood/color and tile? thank you!

input: also i have located the wood for the shelving but any recommendations on where to find the hardware for them?
target: hardware . could you please share the hardware for the cabinets. also i have located the wood for the shelving but any recommendations on where to find the hardware for them?
output: hardware. also i have located the wood for the shelving but any recommendations on where to find the hardware for them? thanks!

input: please tell me where i can purchase the bar stools?
target: bar stools . please tell me where i can purchase the bar stools? thanks
output: stools. please tell me where i can purchase the bar stools? thank you!

input: i am also interested in the pendants but am wondering if there are other fixtures in the collection?
target: pendants . i am also interested in the pendants but am wondering if there are other fixtures in the collection? i'm doing a kitchen w/ eat in dining area, as well as nook.
output: where did you get the pendant lights? i am also interested in the pendants but am wondering if there are other fixtures in the collection? thank you!

input: where could i get this exact chair?
target: who makes the dining chairs? i love the dining room chairs. where could i get this exact chair?
output: where could i get this exact chair? please provide details on the placement and style of the chairs. thank you.

input: could you provide the brand and shade?
target: love the cabinet color . this entire kitchen is fantastic! i am in love with the cabinet color used. could you provide the brand and shade? thank you.
output: love the pendant lights! could you provide the brand and shade? thank you!

input: what cabinetry line did you use?
target: absolutely gorgeous kitchen. what cabinetry line did you use? love the curved muntins. great door style.
output: what cabinetry line did you use? love the cabinets! thank you!

input: can you share source and color of tile?
target: tile source . can you share source and color of tile? thanks
output: tile source. can you share source and color of tile? thank you.

input: can you tell me what material/brand/color the blue backsplash tiles are?
target: blue tile backsplash . i love this kitchen. can you tell me what material/brand/color the blue backsplash tiles are?
output: backsplash. can you tell me what material/brand/color the blue backsplash tiles are? thanks!

input: what type of wood flooring was used here?
target: wood floor/beams . what type of wood flooring was used here? brand/type/stain? looks so beautiful! did they match the beams?
output: what type of wood flooring was used here? i love this kitchen! thank you!

input: height and depth of shelves?
target: height and depth of shelves? i'd love to figure out the placement and depth of these over the counter shelves. thanks!
output: height and depth of shelves? i'm trying to figure out if this pantry is a double hung or not. what is the dimensions?

input: anyone know or what type wood
target: cabinet stain and material . i never saw an answer about cabinet stain. anyone know or what type wood
output: cabinets. anyone know or what type wood

input: how deep are they (*coming down from the ceiling?)
target: love the beams. could you provide the dimensions of the beams? how deep are they (*coming down from the ceiling?) how wide? thank you for posting. lovely room.
output: how deep are they(* coming down from the ceiling? ) how wide are they? thanks

input: could you please provide me with the name of the cabinet manufacturer along with the style and stain color.
target: cabinet question . could you please provide me with the name of the cabinet manufacturer along with the style and stain color. they are beautiful!
output: cabinetry. could you please provide me with the name of the cabinet manufacturer along with the style and stain color. thank you!

input: are these real wood beams?
target: are these real wood beams? faux? color? are these real wood beams? faux? color? where were they purchased?
output: are these real wood beams? what type of wood? what type?

input: what wood floors did you use?
target: wood floors? love the design! what wood floors did you use?
output: what wood floors did you use? i'm in love with this kitchen! thank you!

input: what color did you use for the islands please?
target: what color are these beautiful blue islands? what color did you use for the islands please? thank you!
output: what color did you use for the islands please? i have a kitchen that needs a light blue and i want to do that in my house. thank you!

input: where can they be found?
target: glass island pendants . love the glass pendants over the island. where can they be found?
output: love the chairs! where can they be found? thanks!

input: did you have to make the island cabinets shorter than the perimeter cabinets bc of the thicker island counter top?
target: island height? did you have to make the island cabinets shorter than the perimeter cabinets bc of the thicker island counter top? so it would all be the same height?
output: island dimensions. did you have to make the island cabinets shorter than the perimeter cabinets bc of the thicker island counter top? thank you!

input: where are the shelf brackets from?
target: gorgeous kitchen. where are the shelf brackets from? gorgeous kitchen. where are the shelf brackets from?
output: where are the shelf brackets from? love the brackets. where do you find them?

input: could you please share manufacturer of the backsplash tile .
target: could you please share manufacturer of the backsplash tile . love the backsplash tile . could you please tell me who makes it? thank you!
output: backsplash. could you please share manufacturer of the backsplash tile. thank you!

input: can you please tell me the manufacturer of the range hood?
target: range hood . can you please tell me the manufacturer of the range hood? it's beautiful.
output: range hood. can you please tell me the manufacturer of the range hood? thank you.

input: please advise what brand you used if it's something other than a standard outlet.
target: electrical outlets . where did you put the electrical outlets? please advise what brand you used if it's something other than a standard outlet. thanks
output: what is the brand of the refrigerator? please advise what brand you used if it's something other than a standard outlet. thanks

input: and.how much counter space is there on each side of the cooktop?
target: cooktop . how deep is the counter that the cooktop is in/on? and.how much counter space is there on each side of the cooktop?
output: what is the counter space? and. how much counter space is there on each side of the cooktop? thanks!

input: what color is it?
target: the sink is out of the shot. what color is it? farmhouse or under moun
output: what is it? what color is it? love the cabinets!

input: can you tell me the height between the counter and the bottom of the 1st floating shelf, the height between the first and the floating shelf, and how high the hood is above the stove?
target: love the floating shelves . can you tell me the height between the counter and the bottom of the 1st floating shelf, the height between the first and the floating shelf, and how high the hood is above the stove? are the shelves walnut? thanks
output: love the shelves! can you tell me the height between the counter and the bottom of the 1st floating shelf, the height between the first and the floating shelf, and how high the hood is above the stove? thanks!

input: what's the brand/name of the tile?
target: tile . what's the brand/name of the tile? we're in the design phase of a kitchen remodel.
output: tile. what's the brand/name of the tile? is it marble or quartz?

input: can you please tell me what the minimum distance between the island and the perimeter cabinetry should be?
target: love your layout, what is needed aisle dimension? i love your beautiful kitchen and also the seamless integration with surrounding areas. can you please tell me what the minimum distance between the island and the perimeter cabinetry should be? i would like to consider a similar layout but don't have quite as much space. thank you so much for sharing!
output: dimensions of island and cabinetry. can you please tell me what the minimum distance between the island and the perimeter cabinetry should be? thanks!

input: it is hard to tell if the cabinet white matches the trim white and the wall color?
target: love the cabinet color. what color white is it? it is hard to tell if the cabinet white matches the trim white and the wall color? or is the wall color non white? thanks! love this kitchen!
output: what color is the wall paint color? it is hard to tell if the cabinet white matches the trim white and the wall color? thanks

input: island color?
target: island color? flooring? i would love to know the color of this island and also the flooring!
output: island color? what is the paint color? thanks

input: is the color you used smoke by any chance?
target: color of backsplash tiles? i am about to pick sonoma tiles to go with my taj mahal countertops. is the color you used smoke by any chance? my other option is edge comb. having a hard time choosing just the right amount of color!
output: is the color you used smoke by any chance? i have a question on the cabinet color and what is the color of the cabinets and walls. i have a question that i am not sure if the color is good enough for my kitchen.

input: can you tell me where you found this table?
target: table . can you tell me where you found this table? is it an antique or custom made? i'm looking for something similar i love it!
output: table. can you tell me where you found this table? is it a table custom made? thanks!

input: what is the brand/name of that backsplash?
target: backsplash name? what is the brand/name of that backsplash? gorgeous!
output: backsplash. what is the brand/name of that backsplash? what is the brand/name of that backsplash? thanks!

input: could you please tell me the manufacturer of them?
target: great counter stools!! could you please tell me the manufacturer of them? thanks!
output: i am curious about the cabinets. could you please tell me the manufacturer of them? thank you!

input: any chance the color was misnamed?
target: the color mentioned is evening dove. i have the bm deck and the color is very different. actually a charcoal grey. any chance the color was misnamed?
output: the color is perfect. any chance the color was misnamed? thank you!

input: can you tell me where they can be purchased?
target: bar stools . i love the stools. can you tell me where they can be purchased?
output: love the stools! can you tell me where they can be purchased? thanks!

input: over a small island do you think you could use just one alone?
target: pendant lights . who makes these gorgeous pendant lights? over a small island do you think you could use just one alone?
output: pendant lights. hello! over a small island do you think you could use just one alone? thank you!

input: can you tell me what stain you used on the floors?
target: can you tell me what stain you used on the floors? thanks! stain color
output: stain. can you tell me what stain you used on the floors? thanks

input: do the doors open with a center hinge and hide a lazy susan or??
target: how is the blind corner handled? do the doors open with a center hinge and hide a lazy susan or?? beautiful cabinets!
output: how did you create the susan? do the doors open with a center hinge and hide a lazy susan or? ? thank you!

input: could you share the details of the paint/stain/brand used?
target: cabinet door brand/color? i love the gray cabinet color. could you share the details of the paint/stain/brand used?
output: paint/stain. could you share the details of the paint/stain/brand used? thank you!

input: could you please share?
target: counter top and back splash material and brand . very pretty! could you please share?
output: love the pendants! could you please share? thank you!

input: can you please share the paint color used here and in the butler's pantry?
target: color. can you please share the paint color used here and in the butler's pantry? also, could you share any info on the lighting and hardware? thank you!
output: paint color. can you please share the paint color used here and in the butler's pantry? thank you!

input: could you share with me the measurements of the bench, not including the cushion?
target: banquette bench . hello kimberley, i am considering getting a built in banquette. could you share with me the measurements of the bench, not including the cushion? only the height and width(surface area).
output: dimensions. could you share with me the measurements of the bench, not including the cushion? thank you!

input: considering schist counter and curious how they have held up?
target: considering schist counter and curious how they have held up? i love marble but hate the staining and maintenance. how has the schist held up to staining etc?
output: considering schist counter and curious how they have held up? i have a client that wants to do something similar. thank you!

input: where did you purchase your slate floor?
target: where did you purchase your slate floor? we are building our retirement home in nc and i would love to buy those floors for our laundry room, foyer and kitchen! i would like to purchase from the supplier you got yours through. thank you so much. your home is lovely,
output: where did you purchase your slate floor? i have a similar floor and want to purchase it in my kitchen. thank you.

input: does it need to be sealed and re.sealed?
target: flooring questions . i want to put black slate flooring in our high traffic dining and kitchen areas, but i am not sure of the installation/maintenance. does it need to be sealed and re.sealed? what did you use for grout? can you share where you bought it? did you use a pattern? some have discouraged me that it cracks easily and is difficult to repair.
output: cabinets. what is the cabinet color? does it need to be sealed and re. sealed? what is the color?

input: would you know the length and width of the new space?
target: room dimensions . would you know the length and width of the new space? we are thinking of something similar. thank you!
output: dimensions of new space. would you know the length and width of the new space? thank you!

input: i love the neutral is it limestone like counters?
target: love the look and flow . can you tell me with the flooring is? i love the neutral is it limestone like counters?
output: flooring. i love the neutral is it limestone like counters? thanks

input: would you please tell me where i might find these?
target: lighting . i have a 17’ long island. i love the scale of your lighting over your larg island. would you please tell me where i might find these?
output: i love the pendant lights over the island. would you please tell me where i might find these? thanks!

input: what is the countertop material used here?
target: countertop . loved the redesign on this kitchen! we are remodeling a home and wanted to do black countertops in the kitchen. what is the countertop material used here? thank you
output: what is the countertop material used here? i love this kitchen! what is the countertop material used here? thank you!

input: can you tell me where these beautiful pendants are from?
target: pendants.beautiful! can you tell me where these beautiful pendants are from? they are beautiful! overall this house is gorgeous!
output: pendants. can you tell me where these beautiful pendants are from? thank you!

input: what is the finish on these cabinets?
target: love cabinets. where are they from . what is the finish on these cabinets?
output: cabinets. what is the finish on these cabinets? they are beautiful!

input: could you please tell me the kind of flooring used and its color?
target: doing a similar white kitchen . elegant! could you please tell me the kind of flooring used and its color? thank you!
output: flooring. could you please tell me the kind of flooring used and its color? thanks

input: wondering how high cabinets are?
target: my new chalet . love your crown/ceiling detail . wondering how high cabinets are?
output: cabinets. wondering how high cabinets are? thanks

input: do you know the size of the island?
target: beautiful! do you know the size of the island? thank you.
output: do you know the size of the island? thank you. i have a similar plan and am trying to figure out how to do this in my new home.

input: what is the name and type of counter?
target: kitchen island . what is the name and type of counter? thanks!
output: what is the name and type of counter? is that marble? what is the name and type of counter?

input: colour of the white uppers?
target: colour of the white uppers? and walls behind? i love this kitchen.
output: colour of the white uppers? thank you.

input: need info about where to buy the faucet
target: can you help? love the faucet. where can you direct me? thx . need info about where to buy the faucet
output: need info about where to buy the faucet please! ! ! ! ! need info about where to buy the faucet

input: can you tell me the manufacturer or where i could purchase it.
target: i love the sink. can you tell me the manufacturer or where i could purchase it. i did my kitchen 5 years ago and want to change the sink. thank you.
output: can you tell me the manufacturer or where i could purchase it. thanks

input: could i have the details of your subway tile as well as grout color?
target: subway tile brand, color and size . could i have the details of your subway tile as well as grout color? i love this kitchen!
output: subway tile. could i have the details of your subway tile as well as grout color? thanks!

input: love the hood, where is it from?
target: stove hood . love the hood, where is it from? is it copper?
output: love the hood, where is it from? thank you! love the hood, where is it from? thank you.

input: is it a 36" or 48" and what is the brand?
target: my wife's question . so blown away forgot, can you tell us about the stove. is it a 36" or 48" and what is the brand? i think your home is an award winner.
output: love the cabinet. is it a 36" or 48" and what is the brand? what is the brand?

input: i really like this style, don't know what you would call it, but it seems to me and my wife a mix of ranch/rustic/contemporary.
target: very smooth interior design mix. i really like this style, don't know what you would call it, but it seems to me and my wife a mix of ranch/rustic/contemporary. i love the flow from the kitchen to high fireplace, love the different stone, i love the ranch mix (deer head, rustic furniture, etc) and could get my wife to accept it because its not over the top. you really have a unique interior design, have not seen it before.
output: what is the style of the kitchen? i really like this style, don't know what you would call it, but it seems to me and my wife a mix of ranch/rustic/contemporary. thanks!

input: also, can you tell me the size of the island and the space between the island and the counter?
target: kitchen size and island size . this space looks very similar to the space i am building. what is the size of this kitchen length and width? also, can you tell me the size of the island and the space between the island and the counter? thank you so much. it is a beautiful kitchen!
output: island size and space between island and counter. also, can you tell me the size of the island and the space between the island and the counter? thank you!

input: what window and door manufacturer was used?
target: what window and door manufacturer was used? what window andamp. door manufacturer was used?
output: what window and door manufacturer was used? what window andamp. door manufacturer was used? what is the name of the wood panel?

input: what material did you use for the counters?
target: countertop materials . so pretty! what material did you use for the counters?
output: what material did you use for the counters? i have a similar flooring and want to do something similar in my new house. i have a similar flooring and i want to do it in my kitchen.

input: where are these beautiful pendants from?
target: where are these beautiful pendants from? and what is the material. thank you!
output: where are these beautiful pendants from? i love this kitchen! i'm in love with this design. it is my inspiration for my kitchen remodel.

input: what color did you use??
target: cabinet paint color . what color did you use?? love the tone!
output: cabinet paint color. what color did you use? ? thank you!

input: have you had any staining issues with the shanxi black granite floor?
target: any staining issues on floor? have you had any staining issues with the shanxi black granite floor? i installed it in a bathroom sealed it four times and am having staining spots. what did you seal with? thanks!
output: flooring. have you had any staining issues with the shanxi black granite floor? i have a similar floor and want to replace mine.

input: what is their source?
target: lights . i love these 2 hanging lights. what is their source?
output: what is their source? love the pendant lights! thanks!

input: how long is the longest portion of the table (with the 2 stools) where did you get the stools.
target: would love to copy this island . where can i find a pedestal like the one in the picture? how long is shortest part of the table? how long is the longest portion of the table (with the 2 stools) where did you get the stools. thanks so much for answering all my questions!
output: how long is the longest portion of the table(with the 2 stools) where did you get the stools. thanks

input: what is the brand and color of laminate used please?
target: what is the brand and color of laminate used please? love the cabinets! what is the brand and color of the laminate? thank you
output: what is the brand and color of laminate used please? i love this kitchen! what is the brand and color of the laminate. what is the brand and color of the laminate. thank you

input: where can i buy those pictures??
target: pictures . where can i buy those pictures?? the wooden frame black with asparagus.
output: where can i buy those pictures? ? love them!

input: who is manufacturer of lantern light ?
target: lantern light above table . who is manufacturer of lantern light ? where to buy ?
output: lantern light. who is manufacturer of lantern light? thank you!

input: where can i get them?
target: wall pictures . love! where can i get them?
output: love the chairs. where can i get them? thanks

input: any ideas of where i can find this table?
target: table! any ideas of where i can find this table? please/thanks!
output: table. any ideas of where i can find this table? thank you!

input: where can i purchase that table?
target: great room! where can i purchase that table? thanks.
output: where can i purchase that table? please provide details on the location of the table? please provide details. thank you.

input: would you be able to tell me the name of the kitchen back splash tile?
target: backsplash tile . would you be able to tell me the name of the kitchen back splash tile? it's stunning! thank you.
output: would you be able to tell me the name of the kitchen back splash tile? i love it!

input: is this a zephyr range hood?
target: is this a zephyr range hood? if not, will you share the manufacturer. i need a hood rather quickly!
output: is this a zephyr range hood? what is the material? is this a zephyr range hood?

input: how and where are the electrical outlets or switches.is there any in the tile?
target: electrical outlets . beautiful backsplash. how and where are the electrical outlets or switches.is there any in the tile?
output: electrical outlets. how and where are the electrical outlets or switches. is there any in the tile? thanks!

input: what are the dimensions of this kitchen?
target: what are the dimensions of this kitchen? width and depth and height? looking to find out the dimensions of the windows and of the room. i love the chi and light that comes through this kitchen! fabulous job!
output: what are the dimensions of this kitchen? i love this layout and am trying to figure out if i need to do this in my new home. i'm planning on doing this in my new home.

input: can you tell me floor brand and color?
target: can you tell me floor brand and color? also, color on cabinets. love everything about this space.
output: floor. can you tell me floor brand and color? thank you

input: why doesn't there have to be a hood.it looks great without one!
target: how come there is no range hood? is this a downdraft gas range? why doesn't there have to be a hood.it looks great without one!
output: why doesn't there there have to be a hood. it looks great without one! thank you!

input: 2 window shades shown here are gorgeous!
target: love the shades! where can i buy them or the fabric? 2 window shades shown here are gorgeous! am looking for similar fabric or shades for my house. please help!
output: window shades. 2 window shades shown here are gorgeous! thank you!

input: is the countertop wormy chestnut?
target: beautiful. is the countertop wormy chestnut? what are the floors?
output: countertop. is the countertop wormy chestnut? what is the name of?

input: can you tell me what color the cabinets are?
target: can you tell me the cabinet color please? can you tell me what color the cabinets are? i am putting this exact kitchen and struggling with cabinet color. this color works beautifully!!
output: cabinets. can you tell me what color the cabinets are? i love the cabinets!

input: what kind of wood is the countertop and what finish.
target: countertop . what kind of wood is the countertop and what finish. thanks
output: what kind of wood is the countertop and what finish. i love this kitchen! thanks!

input: could you please tell me the color and brand of the cabinets.
target: what is the color on the cabinets? could you please tell me the color and brand of the cabinets. thanks in advance.
output: cabinets. could you please tell me the color and brand of the cabinets. thank you

input: i am trying to figure out what is the best layout that will give me the most counter space.
target: i am so jealous. i just love this kitchen. i'm jealous. i am in the process of starting a kitchen remodel on my tiny, tiny, ugly, kitchen . it's will be u shaped. the dimensions are 10 1/2' and the two other walls are only 7 1/2' with doors at the end of both these walls. so there is not much we can do. i am trying to figure out what is the best layout that will give me the most counter space. my contractor / designer wants to use the working triangle ( sink on one wall under window, fridge on other wall and stove on the third) but this way seems to chop up the counter space and give me corners that are not functional. i really need counter space. any suggestions? thanks, sorry for going on and on. boy do i love this kitchen. thank you.
output: what is the best layout on houzz? i am trying to figure out what is the best layout that will give me the most counter space. i am trying to figure out what is the best layout that will give me the most counter space.

input: same at sink and opposite counter?
target: gorgeous! what is back splash tile? same at sink and opposite counter?
output: same at sink and opposite counter? what is the name of this kitchen? same at sink and opposite counter?

input: can you tell me the name of this granite?
target: can you tell me the name of this granite? love it! can you tell me the name of this granite? love it!
output: can you tell me the name of this granite? i love it! can you tell me the name of this granite? thank you!

input: what is the manufacturer of the range hood?
target: range hood? what is the manufacturer of the range hood? love the white w metal banding!
output: range hood. what is the manufacturer of the range hood? is it a hood custom made?

input: what's the make and model of the triple pendant over the island?
target: lights!?! what's the make and model of the triple pendant over the island? it's fantastic!
output: what's the make and model of the triple pendant over the island? i love it!

input: i love this kitchen and how you put the cabinet over a window!
target: kitchen dimensions? i love this kitchen and how you put the cabinet over a window! what are the room dimensions?
output: what is the cabinet color? i love this kitchen and how you put the cabinet over a window! thank you!

input: what is that most 'happy' shade of yellow paint on walls andamp.
target: kc kim . what is that most 'happy' shade of yellow paint on walls andamp. ceiling?
output: what is that most' happy' shade of yellow paint on walls andamp. ceiling. what is that most' happy' shade of yellow paint on walls andamp.

input: what can i use to remove tar that was used to apply linoleum tiles to wood floor?
target: floor . what can i use to remove tar that was used to apply linoleum tiles to wood floor? the tiles have been removed and tar is all over wood floor.
output: flooring. what can i use to remove tar that was used to apply linoleum tiles to wood floor? it looks like it's not overhang.

input: model / make?
target: vent hood . gorgeous hood! model / make?
output: range hood. what is the range hood? model/make?

input: where did the cool lights come from ?
target: hanging lights . where did the cool lights come from ? thanks!
output: where did the cool lights come from? i love the pendant lights! where did the cool lights come from?

input: i was wondering if you could tell me the color of paint used on the island?
target: island paint color . hello, this is an absolutely gorgeous kitchen. i was wondering if you could tell me the color of paint used on the island? thank you in advance!
output: what is the paint color on the island? i was wondering if you could tell me the color of paint used on the island? thanks

input: is that correct and does it also lead to something else?
target: doorway to. hello, gorgeous space! it looks like there's a doorway to a fridge on the right. is that correct and does it also lead to something else? thank you!
output: is that correct and does it also lead to something else? i have a question about the subway tube. i have a customer that wants it and i want it in my kitchen. i have a customer that wants it and i'm worried it won't come close to getting it. thanks!

input: could you please share the dimensions of the island and the kitchen?
target: great remodel. could you please share the dimensions of the island and the kitchen? looks wonderful!
output: dimensions. beautiful kitchen! could you please share the dimensions of the island and the kitchen? thank you!

input: can you please tell me where to find the 2x6 subway tile.
target: 2x6 tile backsplash . can you please tell me where to find the 2x6 subway tile. are there 3 different shade used or just 2? thank you!
output: 2x6 tile backsplash. can you please tell me where to find the 2x6 subway tile. thanks

input: can you please share the island and countertop fabrication?
target: beautiful countertop! can you please share the island and countertop fabrication? gorgeous kitchen !
output: can you share the island and countertop fabrication? thank you. can you please share the island and countertop fabrication? thank you.

input: hello, i was wondering what the dimensions of the kitchen were and what the dimensions of the table were?
target: kitchen and table dimensions . hello, i was wondering what the dimensions of the kitchen were and what the dimensions of the table were? i love that table! thanks so much!
output: dimensions of the kitchen. hello, i was wondering what the dimensions of the kitchen were and what the dimensions of the table were? thank you!

input: where to buy the kitchen cabinets?
target: where to buy the kitchen cabinets? i would like to buy the exact kitchen cabinets depicted at the picture. how can i do that? thank you.
output: where to buy the kitchen cabinets? i need to buy the same cabinets. where to buy the kitchen cabinets?

input: where can i find this wall tile?
target: where can i find this wall tile? what is it called? thank you!
output: where can i find this wall tile? i love this tile. where can i find it? thank you!

input: can you tell me more about the type of wood and the finish on the cabinets?
target: what kind of wood are these cabinets? what finish and stain? can you tell me more about the type of wood and the finish on the cabinets?
output: what type of wood is this? can you tell me more about the type of wood and the finish on the cabinets? thank you!

input: what inspired this design?
target: inspiration . such great use of space! what inspired this design?
output: inspiration. what inspired this design? love the pendants over the island.

input: stain used as well as the finish to protect the wood?
target: island countertop material . beautiful kitchen. love the butcher block island top. could you please share the wood andamp. stain used as well as the finish to protect the wood? thank you.
output: stain used as well as the finish to protect the wood? what is the stain color? what is the stain color?

input: how durable is the wood surface?
target: i am wondering about the island top. wood but what kind? my husband and i are strongly considering using this idea in our kitchen. how durable is the wood surface?
output: wood surface. how durable is the wood surface? thank you!

input: is this a large awning window over the sink?
target: window w/ grilles . beautiful kitchen. could you tell me. is this a large awning window over the sink? thank you.
output: window. is this a large awning window over the sink? what is the name of this window?

input: we're you able to get any info on the cabinet paint and wall paint color?
target: wall paint color? great kitchen. we're you able to get any info on the cabinet paint and wall paint color?
output: paint color. we're you able to get any info on the cabinet paint and wall paint color? thank you!

input: where can i get chairs like these?
target: i like the two chairs . where can i get chairs like these? are they barstool height?
output: where can i get chairs like these? i love the chairs! please tell me where they are from. thanks!

input: can you please tell me what the white countertops are?
target: can you please tell me what the white countertops are? it is a beautiful kitchen. thank you.
output: what is the countertop color? can you please tell me what the white countertops are? thank you

input: how tall is the island and what is the overhang depth?
target: island . how tall is the island and what is the overhang depth? thanks!
output: island. how tall is the island and what is the overhang depth? thanks

input: what type of wood was used and how is the finish sealed?
target: i love the wood island countertop. what type of wood was used and how is the finish sealed? is it durable?
output: floors. what type of wood was used and how is the finish sealed? thanks

input: what are the counter tops?
target: what are the counter tops? color? love the design and colors
output: what are the counter tops? i love this kitchen! what are the counter tops?

input: also, who is your source/fabricator for the gorgeous pietra cordosa in austin?
target: cabinet hardware and countertop source? hi, i love the cabinet hardware. what brand is it? also, who is your source/fabricator for the gorgeous pietra cordosa in austin?
output: what is the source of the cordosa? also, who is your source/fabricator for the gorgeous pietra cordosa in austin? thanks!

input: could you please tell me the brand/maker of the cabinets?
target: cabinets and wall? hello! could you please tell me the brand/maker of the cabinets? also, what kind of wood is on the wall.pine? it's all beautiful. thanks!
output: cabinets. could you please tell me the brand/maker of the cabinets? thank you!

input: what kind of windows are these, who makes them and where can i get them?
target: windows? what kind of windows are these, who makes them and where can i get them? i presume they are double pane?
output: what kind of windows are these, who makes them and where can i get them? thanks. what kind of windows are these, who makes them and where can i get them? thanks

input: where did you purchase the clear bar stools and what was the price?
target: where did you purchase the clear bar stools and what was the price? i have been looking for these bar stools. please help!!!
output: where did you purchase the clear bar stools and what was the price? i have a customer that wants these and i really want to do something similar. thank you!

input: can you tell me the dimensions of the island?
target: island size . can you tell me the dimensions of the island? thank you so much, michelle
output: dimensions. can you tell me the dimensions of the island? thanks!

input: what is the make and model of the hood for the range?
target: love this kitchen! what is the make and model of the hood for the range? thank you in advance.
output: range hood. what is the make and model of the hood for the range? looks great!

input: what are the dimensions of the island?
target: what are the dimensions of the island? great space! island dimensions please?
output: what are the dimensions of the island? i love this! what are the dimensions of the island? thanks

input: can you please tell me about the flooring, including color, and where i may be able to find it?
target: flooring . this is beautiful! everything is just stunning. can you please tell me about the flooring, including color, and where i may be able to find it?
output: flooring. can you please tell me about the flooring, including color, and where i may be able to find it? thanks!

input: can you tell me where you purchased the pendant lights over the island and what finish they are?
target: island lights . beautifully designed and well thought out kitchen! can you tell me where you purchased the pendant lights over the island and what finish they are? thanks!
output: pendant lights. can you tell me where you purchased the pendant lights over the island and what finish they are? thank you!

input: would you mind telling me what the colours are for the cabinets and walls?
target: love this! would you mind telling me what the colours are for the cabinets and walls? thankyou
output: what colour are the cabinets? would you mind telling me what the colours are for the cabinets and walls? thank you!

input: could i get the wood species and stain on those cabinets please?
target: what type of wood are those cabinets? could i get the wood species and stain on those cabinets please? we love it! this is a beautiful kitchen!
output: what type of wood species is this? could i get the wood species and stain on those cabinets please? thank you!

input: what are the floors?
target: what are the floors? please share flooring details . mfgr, color etc.
output: what are the floors? what are the floors? what are the floors?

input: how much counter space is on either side of the range?
target: how much counter space is on either side of the range? i have a 72" wall where my rang is going. i can't decide if i should put the range off center so i'll have one side with more prep space or if i should center it, leaving a small space on either side. my husband and i disagree on this. i fee the range should be offset. he feels it should be centered. i do all of the cooking
output: how much counter space is on either side of the range? i have a drawer that says it's a double hung cabinet. i'm guessing it's a double hung cabinet.

input: would you please share details?
target: backsplash!! absolutely love this backsplash. would you please share details? thanks!
output: i love the pendant lights! would you please share details? thank you!

input: where can i find that backsplash?
target: where can i find that backsplash? what material is it made out of? so pretty.
output: where can i find that backsplash? what is the name of it? what is the name of the backsplash. where can i find that backsplash?

input: where did u get it?
target: love the back splash ! it would go perfect in my newly remodeled kitchen! where did u get it?
output: love the chair. where did u get it? thanks!

input: what are the pendants over island?
target: love the kitchen! what are the pendants over island? thank you!
output: what are the pendants over island? love the pendants! what are the pendants over island?

input: what size waterstone plp at the prep sink?
target: what size waterstone plp at the prep sink? the prep size 5200 . and what size is the prep island sink?
output: what size waterstone plp at the prep sink? i'm planning on using this layout for my kitchen remodel. i'm guessing this is the best example i've seen.

input: what is the wood on the island?
target: what are the countertops? what is the wood on the island? beautiful!
output: what is the wood on the island? i love it! what is the wood on the island? thanks

input: what paint colour was used for the trim around the windows?
target: what paint colour was used for the trim around the windows? i’m looking for a trim colour that isn’t white (so hard to find right now) and i really love the grey used around the windows in this kitchen. what brand and colour is it?
output: what paint colour was used for the trim around the windows? i have a similar cabinet in my kitchen that i want to do in our new home. i'm trying to figure out if this cabinet is a good fit for my kitchen.

input: can you tell us more about who made the hood?.
target: vent hood . we are in the process of renovating our kitchen. we love this range hood. can you tell us more about who made the hood?. the cabinet maker? do you have any closer up photos of the hood? thanks! kathryn
output: hood. can you tell us more about who made the hood? . thanks

input: may i ask where is it from?
target: the runner rug used is stunning!! may i ask where is it from? love love love this design!! it is so stunning!
output: i love the wood countertop. may i ask where is it from? thank you!

input: can you please share those :) thank you so much!
target: spacing/dimensions . love this kitchen design! you do great work!! so excited that this has 8 ft ceilings and still looks so open and spacious! i have read thru and found the dimensions that i was looking for, other than the spacing between the island and the wall cabinets. can you please share those :) thank you so much!
output: love the chairs! can you please share those: ) thank you so much! thank you!

input: can you help me with this?
target: island color . you have smoke by sherwin williams listed as the color, but i can not find it in their color fan. can you help me with this?
output: can you help me with this? i need to know the dimensions of this kitchen and i want to do that in my kitchen. it's beautiful!

input: hi there, can you tell me the counter colour of quartz?
target: counter colour . hi there, can you tell me the counter colour of quartz? i am looking for something similar. appreciate the help.
output: counter colour. hi there, can you tell me the counter colour of quartz? thank you.

input: can you tell me the maufacturer and width of the custom panel refrigerator.
target: refrigerator . can you tell me the maufacturer and width of the custom panel refrigerator. is it a 30" or larger. i have space issues . thanks so much
output: refrigerator. can you tell me the maufacturer and width of the custom panel refrigerator. thank you.

input: what colors and finish did you use on the cabinets?
target: cabinet colors? what colors and finish did you use on the cabinets? this is a beautiful kitchen.
output: what colors and finish did you use on the cabinets? i love the cabinet color! thank you!

input: can you tell me the brand and finish of the cabinet hardware?
target: can you tell me the brand and finish of the cabinet hardware? love the hardware. can you provide info on them?
output: cabinet hardware. can you tell me the brand and finish of the cabinet hardware? thank you!

input: any chances you have the 'before' pictures?
target: door handel and backspash stone? love the backsplash tiles. marble? what kind? and the handles are so unique and different. brand? thanks for this beautiful kitchen inspiration. any chances you have the 'before' pictures?
output: i have a question about the cabinet pulls. any chances you have the' before' pictures? thank you!

input: what is the manufacturer of the light fixture?
target: love the light fixture . what is the manufacturer of the light fixture? it looks like it would be perfect for our new kitchen!
output: light fixture. what is the manufacturer of the light fixture? it looks like it seats two. thanks

input: are these white shaker cabinets from the forevermark company?
target: white shaker cabinets . are these white shaker cabinets from the forevermark company? thanks!
output: white shaker cabinets. are these white shaker cabinets from the forevermark company? they are beautiful!

input: can you share the floor stain color, the cabinet manufacturer, cabinet paint and island stain?
target: floor, cabinet and trim color? very nice design. the color combinations are perfect. i'm doing new construction and would love to recreate this. can you share the floor stain color, the cabinet manufacturer, cabinet paint and island stain? also the trim color, you did a good job matching it to the cabinet color. also are these 9 or 10 ft ceilings? how many pieces of crown did you use to create the to ceiling look? thanks so much .again great job.
output: floor. can you share the floor stain color, the cabinet manufacturer, cabinet paint and island stain? thank you!

input: can you tell me where the shelves can be purchased or are they custom.
target: love the shelves . can you tell me where the shelves can be purchased or are they custom. and what type of wood they ? i love the brass ends too!
output: can you tell me where the shelves can be purchased or are they custom. thanks

input: tell us about the tiles on backsplash?
target: tell us about the tiles on backsplash? color? material?
output: backsplash. tell us about the tiles on backsplash? what color are they?

input: what was used for the counter and the backdplash?
target: counter . this is a beautiful kitchen! what was used for the counter and the backdplash? thanks, peggy
output: what was used for the counter and the backdplash? i'm trying to figure out if this is a good fit for my kitchen. thanks!

input: what is the paint color of the cabinets, top and bottom?
target: paint colors . what is the paint color of the cabinets, top and bottom? what is the paint color of the wall and trim?
output: paint color. what is the paint color of the cabinets, top and bottom? thank you!

input: is it a standard offering or did you have to custom design it?
target: love the kitchen! question about the microwave shelf. we have a dilemma as the cabinet line we're going with doesn't have a 24" wide microwave shelf (only larger). we have a small microwave and don't want to go larger as it has major impact on the rest of the shelves in that area. what is the design of your microwave shelf? is it a standard offering or did you have to custom design it? thank you.
output: is it a standard offering or did you have to custom design it? i'm trying to figure out if i need a standard offering. thanks!

input: what is the brand of cabinet hardware?
target: cabinet hardware . awesome kitchen. what is the brand of cabinet hardware?
output: what is the brand of cabinet hardware? i love the cabinets! what is the brand of cabinet hardware?

input: what color are the gray cabinets?
target: beautiful kitchen . what color are the gray cabinets? gorgeous!
output: what color are the gray cabinets? i love this kitchen!

input: what is the brand of cabinets?
target: what is the brand of cabinets? and color used? thank you
output: what is the brand of cabinets? i love this kitchen! what is the brand of cabinets?

input: i love these chairs and would like to know where i can buy them.
target: chairs? i love these chairs and would like to know where i can buy them. thanks
output: chairs. i love these chairs and would like to know where i can buy them. thanks

input: could you give me the specific name to search for?
target: cabinet handles . your design is breathtaking! i'm having trouble finding the hardware on the hafele site. could you give me the specific name to search for? thanks!
output: i love the pendant lights! could you give me the specific name to search for? thank you!

input: can you please tell me the size of the island and who makes the faucet?
target: island! can you please tell me the size of the island and who makes the faucet? thanks! beautiful kitchen!
output: island. can you please tell me the size of the island and who makes the faucet? thanks!

input: what are the dimensions of the kitchen?
target: what are the dimensions of the kitchen? i love this kitchen! what are the dimensions of the kitchen? thanks!
output: what are the dimensions of the kitchen? i love this layout. what are the dimensions of the kitchen?

input: what is the name of this lovely granite?
target: what is the name of this lovely granite? i just love this granite. of course i love this kitchen period!
output: what is the name of this lovely granite? i love the look you've achieved here. thank you!

input: also would a brown and black granite counter top go with the white cabinets and gray backdrop?
target: chandelier and granite counter top . where did you get the chandelier over the island? also would a brown and black granite counter top go with the white cabinets and gray backdrop?
output: what is the color/paint color of this kitchen? also would a brown and black granite counter top go with the white cabinets and gray backdrop?

input: what size is this, please?
target: size of island? looks like a very comfortable size for 5 people. what size is this, please?
output: size of cabinets. what size is this, please? thank you!

input: what type edge is this granite?
target: what type edge is this granite? i really want to know know!! thanks!
output: what type edge is this granite? i'm trying to figure out if this is a good idea for keeping it. thanks!

input: what would be your though if i designed a kitchen just like this but made the center island cabinets grey (like the room in the background)?
target: robin . what would be your though if i designed a kitchen just like this but made the center island cabinets grey (like the room in the background)? what is the countertop you used in the background? thanks in advance
output: what would be your though though if i designed a kitchen just like this but made the center island cabinets grey(like the room in the background) ? thanks!

input: can you tell me the name of, and where you purchased these chandeliers above the island?
target: chandeliers above island . can you tell me the name of, and where you purchased these chandeliers above the island? thanks!
output: chandeliers above the island. can you tell me the name of, and where you purchased these chandeliers above the island? thank you!

input: are the refrigerator and pantry pulls the same size, and if so, how tall are they?
target: appliance hardware. are the refrigerator and pantry pulls the same size, and if so, how tall are they? many thanks
output: are the refrigerator and pantry pulls the same size, and if so, how tall are they? i love the feel of this kitchen! what are the dimensions? what are the dimensions? what is the dimension? thanks!

input: can you tell me who makes the barstools?
target: love the colors with wood accent. can you tell me who makes the barstools? thank you
output: barstools. can you tell me who makes the barstools? thank you!

input: what is the finish on the visual comfort lighting?
target: lighting . what is the finish on the visual comfort lighting? polished or antique nickel?
output: lighting. what is the finish on the visual comfort lighting? thank you!

input: what finish did you choose for the hardware?
target: hardware finish. this wall is very close to ours(in progress). love your color scheme.calm and elegant. what finish did you choose for the hardware? thanks so much!
output: hardware finish. what finish did you choose for the hardware? thank you!

input: what are the dimensions of this kitchen?
target: kitchen dimensions . what are the dimensions of this kitchen? thanks.
output: what are the dimensions of this kitchen? i love this layout. what are the dimensions of this kitchen?

input: what color did you choose for the granite?
target: love the granite. what color did you choose for the granite? thank you
output: granite color. what color did you choose for the granite? thank you

input: what is the color of cabinets?
target: cabinet color . what is the color of cabinets? thanks
output: what is the color of cabinets? what is the color of cabinets? thanks

input: where can i purchase the vertical pieces=they are stunning
target: hardware . i love how you mixed hardware. where can i purchase the vertical pieces=they are stunning
output: where can i purchase the vertical pieces=they are stunning

input: what product do you use to seal it?
target: i am writing about the pietra cardosa limestone . does this hold up well in kitchen. scratches staining? what product do you use to seal it? some reviews are great on the stone others not so much. i am afraid to purchase and have it get ruined. thanks so much
output: seal. what product do you use to seal it? is it sealproof?

input: can you please advise what material/manufacturer and color for the countertops?
target: kitchen countertops . can you please advise what material/manufacturer and color for the countertops? thanks!
output: countertops. can you please advise what material/manufacturer and color for the countertops? thank you

input: what is the countertop you used on this island?
target: love this kitchen . we are redoing a kitchen in a home we purchased. it will be a contemporary farm house. i love the touch of walnut legs on the island, and i'm thinking of doing the same for our kitchen table, as our island will be in walnut. what is the countertop you used on this island? it's stunning! robin sackman interior stylist
output: what is the countertop that is installed on this island? i love this kitchen! what is the countertop? what is the countertop?

input: what are the copper looking "logs"?
target: great fire pit! custom? what are the copper looking "logs"?
output: what are the copper looking" logs" ? i love the look! what is the finish on the log log. where can i get it?

input: color of the island cabinetry and what are the countertops?
target: asking again because i don't think i see an answer? color of the island cabinetry and what are the countertops? thanks!
output: color of the island cabinetry and what are the countertops? i love this kitchen!

input: my cabinets around perimeter are alabaster.should i do a walnut color ctr island?
target: if i did the perimeter in walnut butcher block+ granite on ctr island? my cabinets around perimeter are alabaster.should i do a walnut color ctr island? i m concerned with the sink being on center island with butcher block. my flooring is hickory. thank u
output: my cabinets around perimeter are alabaster. should i do a walnut color ctr island? i need to do a similar project and i want to do it in my kitchen.

input: what color was used for these cabinets?
target: cabinet color . what color was used for these cabinets? thanks.
output: cabinets. what color was used for these cabinets? they look great!

input: island .
target: island . this is exactly the island i have been drawing in my plans. it's perfect! please tell me the dimensions.
output: island. what is the width of the island. it's 3x6. i want to add width to my kitchen.

input: what is the overhang of the island top that allows for seating?
target: island seating . what is the overhang of the island top that allows for seating? is it 15 or 18"?
output: island seating. what is the overhang of the island top that allows for seating? thank you!

input: could you please share the dimensions of the granite section of island, as well as the over all dimensions of the island and room too?
target: love the custom island. could you please share the dimensions of the granite section of island, as well as the over all dimensions of the island and room too? please.
output: granite section of island. could you please share the dimensions of the granite section of island, as well as the over all dimensions of the island and room too? thank you!

input: what company are they made by?
target: love the chairs . what company are they made by? thanks
output: what company are they made by? thanks

input: what manufacturer did you use to stain the concrete please?
target: what manufacturer did you use to stain the concrete please? i am trying to achieve the same look of the flooring in this pic. what brand is the stain?
output: what manufacturer did you use to stain the concrete please? i am building a house and am trying to do something similar. thank you!

input: is this backsplash a white ceramic tile or is it a glass one?
target: is this backsplash a white ceramic tile or is it a glass one? what is the name of the tile backsplash please? i like it. many whites/grays don't look as good
output: backsplash. is this backsplash a white ceramic tile or is it a glass one? what is the name of it?

input: what color did you paint them?
target: cabinet color . they are gorgeous! what color did you paint them? thanks!
output: what color did you paint them? thanks

input: do you recall where the gorgeous barstools are from?
target: gorgeous bar stools . this is a really beautiful kitchen. do you recall where the gorgeous barstools are from? i've been searching all over for something just like that. thank you for your time.
output: gorgeous bar stools. do you recall where the gorgeous barstools are from? thank you!

input: where did you get them?
target: lights . love these lights! where did you get them?
output: love the chairs. where did you get them? thanks

input: can you provide the specs on your backsplash?
target: backsplash tile . can you provide the specs on your backsplash? it's beautiful!
output: backsplash. can you provide the specs on your backsplash? it looks like it's a marble slab.

input: brand of the black paint and also the name of the countertop?
target: cabinet paint . can you please share the name andamp. brand of the black paint and also the name of the countertop? thank you!
output: cabinet paint. what color is the cabinets? brand of the black paint and also the name of the countertop?

input: i need idea for my new house.who i can ask for advice?how much does it coast?
target: new house . i need idea for my new house.who i can ask for advice?how much does it coast? i am from croatia.thank you
output: how much does it coast? i need idea for my new house. who i can ask for advice? how much does it coast? how much does it coast? thanks

input: what are the end panels made of on both sides of the hood?
target: what are the end panels made of on both sides of the hood? it looks like the end panels are stainless steel and not painted white. i have never seen this before but seems like it would be really practical with food splashing from the stove top. lovely kitchen by the way. great work!
output: what are the end panels made of on both sides of the hood? i love this kitchen! what are the end panels made of on both sides of the hood?

input: would you mind please sharing?
target: tile manufacturer and style? i am also interested to learn the manufacturer and style of the tile. would you mind please sharing? thank you!
output: i love the pendant lights! would you mind please sharing? thank you!

input: what is the height of the cabinets?
target: what is the height of the cabinets? thanks . i have 9 ft ceilings and trying to decide cabinet height to go with. one cabinet on bottom and one on top or a single tall cabinet. want to bring cabs to ceiling as in your photo.
output: what is the height of the cabinets? i love this kitchen! thank you!

input: can you tell me the type and name of tile?
target: what are the floors ? love the floor. can you tell me the type and name of tile?
output: tile. can you tell me the type and name of tile? thank you.

input: who is the manufacture/style?
target: beautiful kitchen . love the kitchen faucet. who is the manufacture/style? thanks
output: i love the pendants. who is the manufacture/style? thank you!

input: dining room fixture?
target: dining room fixture? such a beautiful space. do you have the style name, etc of the dining room lighting fixture?thank you!
output: dining room fixture? looks like a pendant. what is the name of the pendant? it's beautiful.

input: could you tell me the dimensions of the area that combines the kitchen and separate dining table?
target: room dimensions . could you tell me the dimensions of the area that combines the kitchen and separate dining table? thanks!
output: dimensions. could you tell me the dimensions of the area that combines the kitchen and separate dining table? thank you!

input: may i ask the length of the island?
target: island . may i ask the length of the island? thank you :)
output: island. may i ask the length of the island? thank you!

input: who makes the doors in the dining area?
target: who makes the doors in the dining area? are they sliders? beautiful!
output: who makes the doors in the dining area? who makes the doors in the dining area? i'm in the middle of a project that is going through in my new home. i'm hoping they can work together.

input: could you please share the trim color?
target: trim color . could you please share the trim color? thank you!
output: trim color. beautiful kitchen! could you please share the trim color? thank you!

input: what is the thickness of the island and what is the overhang?
target: kitchen island . what is the thickness of the island and what is the overhang? beautiful kitchen
output: island. what is the thickness of the island and what is the overhang? thanks

input: can you reply with who make this stainless and brass hood?
target: we love this kitchen vent hood and the kitchen! who made the hood? can you reply with who make this stainless and brass hood? its very unique
output: who makes the hood? can you reply with who make this stainless and brass hood? thank you!

input: would you please tell more about the backsplash?
target: what is the brand or name of the backsplash? would you please tell more about the backsplash? brand?
output: backsplash. would you please tell more about the backsplash? thank you!

input: hello, greatly appreciate if you could share info on the hood too please?
target: would you please share info on hood? who made the hood please? hello, greatly appreciate if you could share info on the hood too please? who made the hood? super job.
output: hood info. hello, greatly appreciate if you could share info on the hood too please? thank you!

input: it is exactly what i've been searching for!
target: what is the backsplash tile please? this kitchen is just gorgeous and i would be super grateful if you could share the name of the backsplash tile please! it is exactly what i've been searching for!
output: what is the range hood? it is exactly what i've been searching for! thank you!

input: did u stain with color or just clear coat it?
target: floors . are the floors pre.fab or white oaks? did u stain with color or just clear coat it? thanks!
output: flooring. what is the flooring? did u stain with color or just clear coat it?

input: can you tell me the name of this countertop and material?
target: island countertop . can you tell me the name of this countertop and material? quartz ? marble? thank you.
output: can you tell me the name of this countertop and material? thank you. i have a client that wants this same countertop. thank you.

input: what size are the subway tiles?
target: what size are the subway tiles? what type of tiles? size?
output: subway tiles. what size are the subway tiles? thanks

input: what brand and color is the cabinet hardware?
target: what brand and color is the cabinet hardware? love the cabinet hardware. it looks like a brushed bronze but it is hard to tell from the lighting.
output: what brand and color is the cabinet hardware? love the hardware. what is the color?

input: love the pendent lights.may i have the brand, or where they were purchased?
target: pendant lights? love the pendent lights.may i have the brand, or where they were purchased? thank you.
output: love the pendent lights. may i have the brand, or where they were purchased? thank you!

input: what color are they?
target: hi there. love the cabinets. what color are they?
output: love the cabinets! what color are they? thanks

input: can you please tell me where i may find something longer than 10ft?
target: countertop . hi, im just starting the kitchen design process. i would like a 11.12ft island but was told by my designer that the longest slab is 10ft. can you please tell me where i may find something longer than 10ft? i live in new jersey. thank you in advance for your time!
output: distance between the island and the island. can you please tell me where i may find something longer than 10ft? thank you!

input: where are the counter chairs from?
target: studio m interiors. fendale . where are the counter chairs from?
output: where are the counter chairs from? i love this kitchen! thank you!

input: it's hard to judge visually, can you please share the size of the pendants?
target: what is the size of the pendants? it's hard to judge visually, can you please share the size of the pendants? thank you. love this whole house!
output: what size is the pendants? it's hard to judge visually, can you please share the size of the pendants? thank you.

input: what is the counter top?
target: love this! what is the counter top? and the lights?
output: what is the counter top? is that quartz? what is the counter top? thanks

input: what is the paint color on the island?
target: island . what is the paint color on the island? so pretty!
output: what is the paint color on the island? i love this! what is the paint color on the island? thanks

input: where can i purchase them?
target: counter stools? who is the manufacturer? where can i purchase them?
output: love the chairs. where can i purchase them? thanks

input: what is the paint color on the ceiling please and thanks :)!!
target: color on ceiling . what is the paint color on the ceiling please and thanks :)!! beautiful all around.
output: what is the paint color on the ceiling please and thanks: ) ! ! thank you!

input: hi, what are the dimensions of the islands and the aisle in between them?
target: island . hi, what are the dimensions of the islands and the aisle in between them? thank you!
output: island dimensions. hi, what are the dimensions of the islands and the aisle in between them? thank you!

input: can you please share the edging on this island?
target: edging on island . can you please share the edging on this island? is it a 3cm slab? laminated? thanks.
output: edging on island. can you please share the edging on this island? thank you!

input: what brand/color is the subway tile?
target: brand of subway tile . what brand/color is the subway tile? i see from your other responses that it is 3x6 inches. thank you so much. this is a gorgeous kitchen.
output: subway tile. what brand/color is the subway tile? thanks

input: and how far down does the coffered ceiling come down?
target: coffered ceiling . i see that your ceilings are 10 feet. is this before the coffered ceiling? and how far down does the coffered ceiling come down? thanks, its a beautiful kitchen, and house!
output: ceiling. what is the height of this room? and how far down does the coffered ceiling come down?

input: noticed that was the trim color in dining room and i'm curious if that was what was used in cabinetry and trim throughout the house?
target: love this kitchen! paint and trim question. this space is fabulous. is the cabinet color in this room and the craft room white diamond as well? what finish? noticed that was the trim color in dining room and i'm curious if that was what was used in cabinetry and trim throughout the house? this entire project is beautiful!
output: what is the wood trim color? noticed that was the trim color in dining room and i'm curious if that was what was used in cabinetry and trim throughout the house? thank you!

input: what is the width of the hood?
target: love the mantle hood. what is the width of the hood? is range 48"?
output: what is the width of the hood? is that a 36 inch? thanks

input: what is the ceiling height?
target: beautiful! what is the ceiling height? beautiful! what is the ceiling height?
output: ceiling. what is the ceiling height? thanks

input: what color and brand of paint was used on cabinets?
target: cabinets? what color and brand of paint was used on cabinets? beautiful!
output: what color and brand of paint was used on cabinets? i love this!

input: can you provide countertop info?
target: countertop color . can you provide countertop info? and barstool info? thanks!
output: countertop info? can you provide countertop info? thank you.

input: could you tell us about these fabulous counters?
target: could you tell us about these fabulous counters? are they marble or quartz? something else?
output: could you tell us about these fabulous counters? are they marble or quartz? i'm trying to do a similar look for my kitchen. thanks!

input: can you please tell me the mfg /model/color of the island?
target: island . beautiful kitchen. can you please tell me the mfg /model/color of the island? thank you
output: island. can you please tell me the mfg/model/color of the island? thank you!

input: where can i purchase them?
target: love the stools! where can i purchase them? do they have bar height? we have been searching and searching for bar height stools for our kitchen/dining room counter. these would be perfect!
output: love the chairs. where can i purchase them? thanks!

input: what is the measurement of the hardware shown on these cabinets.
target: hardware . what is the measurement of the hardware shown on these cabinets. the door pulls/ i am ordering this hardware ( and it comes in 4 and 6 inches , i believe. which one is show here? thank you !
output: what is the measurement of the hardware shown on these cabinets. i am looking for a measurement. what is the measurement of the hardware shown on these cabinets. thank you

input: what is the color name of kitchen cabinet?
target: color cabinet . what is the color name of kitchen cabinet? thanks for your answer.
output: what is the color name of kitchen cabinet? i love this kitchen! what is the color name of kitchen cabinet? thank you!

input: i'd love to know what kind of wood floors are in this kitchen.
target: wood floors . i'd love to know what kind of wood floors are in this kitchen. beautiful!
output: what kind of wood floors are in this kitchen. i'd love to know what kind of wood floors are in this kitchen. it's beautiful!

input: could you please give information about the island top.
target: island top . could you please give information about the island top. what kind of wood, the thickness, and finish. thank you
output: could you please give information about the island top. i have a client that wants this top. thank you. could you please give information about the island top. thank you.

input: also, is the hardware on the perimeter black and island oil rubbed bronze?
target: lovely! can you share cabinet details on the island? also, is the hardware on the perimeter black and island oil rubbed bronze?
output: what is the hardware on the island? also, is the hardware on the perimeter black and island oil rubbed bronze? thank you!

input: could you please tell me the color/make of the backsplash andamp.
target: backsplash.tile . love this kitchen!!! could you please tell me the color/make of the backsplash andamp. grout? thank you!
output: backsplash. hello! could you please tell me the color/make of the backsplash andamp. thanks

input: what is this specific quartz countertop color called?
target: countertop color . what is this specific quartz countertop color called? it is gorgeous!
output: countertop color. what is this specific quartz countertop color called? thank you!

input: should this have been necessary?
target: should a seam be necessary in a straight 8 foot quatz countertop . we are building a new house and have just had quartz countertop installed in out kitchen. we are disappointed to see a seam at the middle of the cooktop cutout (front and back). the countertop is a straight 8 foot piece, and the cooktop is 30". given the simple straight piece we are surprised there is a seam, especially at the heavily used front of the cooktop. should this have been necessary?
output: should it be necessary for a pantry nook. should this have been necessary?

input: is it easy to make these corners round?
target: my fiancé is blind. can i make the corners round! yeah, i asked a blind woman to marry me and now i need new countertops. is it easy to make these corners round? thank you! steve r. krol blue mesa technologies
output: corners. is it easy to make these corners round? thanks

input: is there a granite that looks similar to this?
target: granite vs. quartz . i love this quartz slab but hate the price. is there a granite that looks similar to this?
output: granite vs. granite. is there a granite that looks similar to this? what is the name of it?

input: is red wine easy to clean up off of this beautiful stone?
target: is it difficult to maintain? is red wine easy to clean up off of this beautiful stone? or will it be permanently stained? does it need to be treated or sealed frequently?
output: is red wine easy to clean up off of this beautiful stone? is red wine easy to clean up off of this beautiful stone? thank you!

input: what is the countertop material and color and who makes it?
target: what is the countertop material and color and who makes it? great look! thanks
output: what is the countertop material and color and who makes it? thanks

input: can you please tell me what paint color is used on the walls and ceiling?
target: paint colors. wall and ceiling . can you please tell me what paint color is used on the walls and ceiling? thanks!
output: paint color. can you please tell me what paint color is used on the walls and ceiling? thanks

input: is that a "false:" ceiling or are those a special kind of light?
target: love this! are those can lighting in the ceiling? i have a vaulted ceiling in my kitchen and do not have enough room for canned lights and am looking for alternative,. is that a "false:" ceiling or are those a special kind of light? thanks!
output: ceiling. is that a" false: " ceiling or are those a special kind of light? thanks!

input: where is the cabinet hardware from?
target: where is the cabinet hardware from? beautiful kitchen! i am trying to replicate this exact cabinet look. thank you!
output: where is the cabinet hardware from? love it! love this!

input: i love this off.white, and wondering what is used.
target: what paint colors are used? i love this off.white, and wondering what is used. thanks!
output: what brand of cabinets are these? i love this off. white, and wondering what is used. thanks

input: could you please tell me the stain color used on the cabinetry?
target: love the cabinet color . beautiful kitchen. could you please tell me the stain color used on the cabinetry? thanks
output: cabinetry. could you please tell me the stain color used on the cabinetry? thank you!

input: can you tell me where they are from?
target: love the stools! where are they from? the stools are so unique. can you tell me where they are from? thank you!
output: i love the pendant lights. can you tell me where they are from? thank you!

input: are the black countertops soapstone?
target: are the countertops soapstone? are the black countertops soapstone? thank you.
output: are the black countertops soapstone? what is the color? what is the name?

input: can you share those colors .
target: also the color of the whits, walls and trim. i love the ambience created by the color combo, whites and grays. can you share those colors .
output: what colors are the walls? can you share those colors. they are perfect!

input: where can i get them?
target: floors! love the floors? where can i get them?
output: love the chairs. where can i get them? thanks

input: what company are the cabinets ?
target: what company are the cabinets ? hi i’m looking for this color flat panel cabinet. what company are they ?
output: what company are the cabinets? what company are the cabinets? thank you!

input: where did you ever find that european door?
target: door? love it! where did you ever find that european door? love it!
output: door? where did you ever find that european door? it is beautiful!

input: are these a laminated cabinet or are they stained wood?
target: i really like these cabinets. can you tell me a little more about them . are these a laminated cabinet or are they stained wood? wood specie andamp. color? thanks bob
output: cabinets. are these a laminated cabinet or are they stained wood? what color/stain?

input: if possible, would you be willing to share the height and width of the cabinet above the sub zero refrigerator?
target: cabinet above sub zero . this is a beautifully designed kitchen for a rather tight space. it’s lovely to see how style and space can be achieved even though the space isn’t huge. i’m currently going through a renovation on a 1895 farmhouse with roughly 8 ft ceilings. if possible, would you be willing to share the height and width of the cabinet above the sub zero refrigerator? we are looking to install a built in fridge that is 84” high but are ceiling height is 98” or 8 ft 2” high. my fiancé and i are trying to figure out if putting a cabinet above the fridge is possible if it’s roughly 8 inches tall (1.5 inch gap from fridge to cabinet, and 4.5 inches of ceiling trim above).thank you so much for your time and sharing your beautiful work on houzz. wishing you the best of luck!
output: cabinet above the sub zero refrigerator? this is a beautiful kitchen! thank you!

input: can you tell me brand and style of these cabinets?
target: cabinets . can you tell me brand and style of these cabinets? thank you
output: cabinets. can you tell me brand and style of these cabinets? thank you!

input: could you tell me the height of the upper cabinets .
target: great kitchen . could you tell me the height of the upper cabinets . and the moulding size?
output: great kitchen! could you tell me the height of the upper cabinets. thank you!

input: i am considering a similar dishwasher and sink set up.does this layout have any downsides?
target: dishwasher . i am considering a similar dishwasher and sink set up.does this layout have any downsides? thanks!
output: dishwasher. i am considering a similar dishwasher and sink set up. does this layout have any downsides? i am considering a similar dishwasher and sink set up. does this layout have any downsides? thanks!

input: trying to see what cabinets look like that are about 50 inches tall plus about 3 inches of molding (or some combination up to about 53 inches.
target: are these 8 or 9 foot ceilings? are these 8 or 9 foot ceilings? we're have 9 ft ceilings and would like to have cabinets to the ceiling, but don't want to put an extra small cabinet up top. trying to see what cabinets look like that are about 50 inches tall plus about 3 inches of molding (or some combination up to about 53 inches. our ceilings are an inch shy of 9 feet, would like about 18+ inches between base cabinets and uppers.)
output: what is the height of the cabinets above the cabinets? trying to see what cabinets look like that are about 50 inches tall plus about 3 inches of molding(or some combination up to about 53 inches. thanks

input: if so, does it need extra hinges to stop dropping?
target: corner cupboard . is the top corner cupboard fold back? if so, does it need extra hinges to stop dropping?
output: hinges. is this a 36" stainless stainless stainless? if so, does it need extra hinges to stop dropping? thank you!

input: just wondering who the accent tile mfg is and the color.
target: backsplash tiles . just wondering who the accent tile mfg is and the color. it's so striking with a pleasant bling effect, yet very earthy looking. again, job well done! thanks for your response.
output: backsplash tile. just wondering who the accent tile mfg is and the color. thanks

input: what is the make/color of the countertop?
target: countertop . this is exactly the kitchen i want for my small space. thank you for posting a beautiful, small kitchen. what is the make/color of the countertop? exact details would be appreciated!
output: countertop. what is the make/color of the countertop? thank you!

input: can you tell me the size of cabinets and ceiling height?
target: cabinet size and ceiling height . can you tell me the size of cabinets and ceiling height? i'd love to do something similar but i have 8 ft ceilings.
output: cabinets and ceiling height. can you tell me the size of cabinets and ceiling height? thank you.

input: who makes these cabinets?
target: cabinets? who makes them? i really like the glass on the cabinets. who makes these cabinets?
output: who makes these cabinets? what is the stain? thanks

input: hello.would you be able to tell me the name of the color on the cabinets?
target: paint colors . hello.would you be able to tell me the name of the color on the cabinets? thank you
output: hello. would you be able to tell me the name of the color on the cabinets? thanks!

input: what is it?
target: not walker zanger zalmalenco grigio . what is it? hi, please check your project notes. i ordered a sample from walker zanger, zalmalenco grigio in a large 12x24 size. but this is certainly not the tile used here! mine has no striations. there are light swirls against a grainy background.
output: love the flooring! what is it? what is it?

input: hi, what type of counter tops are shown here?
target: jgriff . hi, what type of counter tops are shown here? they are beautiful! thank you.
output: what type of counter tops are shown here? hi, what type of counter tops are shown here? thank you.

input: what flooring is that?
target: flooring . what flooring is that? it's beautiful!
output: what flooring is that? is it wood? what flooring is that?

input: can you please tell me the brand of that faucet?
target: faucet . can you please tell me the brand of that faucet? thanks!
output: faucet. can you please tell me the brand of that faucet? thank you.

input: would,you mind sharing the dimensions of the island, pease?
target: island . hi, what a gorgeous kitchen!!! would,you mind sharing the dimensions of the island, pease? thank you!
output: dimensions. beautiful kitchen! would, you mind sharing the dimensions of the island, pease? thank you!

input: where to buy please?
target: chairs . fab!!! where to buy please?
output: love the chairs! where to buy please? thank you!

input: who makes this?
target: love the cabinet hardware. who makes this? thank you!
output: i love the pendants over the island. who makes this? thank you!

input: can i ask the size of the appliance pulls on the fridge please?
target: appliance pulls . can i ask the size of the appliance pulls on the fridge please? i am trying to decide between 12" or 18" for my thermador integrated unit. thanks!!
output: appliance pulls. can i ask the size of the appliance pulls on the fridge please? thank you!

input: could you please share the dim.
target: very smart! could you please share the dim. of the tall cabinet?
output: great kitchen! could you please share the dim. thanks!

input: can you tell me what color it is?
target: cabinet paint color . love the color of the cabinet! can you tell me what color it is?
output: cabinet paint color. can you tell me what color it is? thanks

input: is the subway backsplash marble or ceramic?
target: is the subway backsplash marble or ceramic? if ceramic, what color? thanks!
output: is the subway backsplash marble or ceramic? what is the material? what is the stain?

input: what kind of flooring is this .
target: what is the flooring? what kind of flooring is this . it's beautiful.
output: what kind of flooring is this. is it wood or engineered? what is the stain color?

input: source?
target: bar chairs . very stylish . source?
output: bar stools. i love the bar stools. source?

input: any info on these cabinets?
target: cabinets? any info on these cabinets? manufacturer and color?
output: cabinets? any info on these cabinets? they are beautiful!

input: what are they?
target: love the pendants! what are they? thanks! you did a great job with this kitchen . so pleasing to the eye!
output: love the pendants! what are they? what are they?

input: what is the counter top back splash material?
target: what is the counter top back splash material? beautiful! is it marble or quartz?
output: what is the counter top back splash material? is that quartz? what is the counter top back splash material? thanks

input: could you please tell me the make/color/material of this flooring?
target: flooring question . could you please tell me the make/color/material of this flooring? thanks!
output: flooring. could you please tell me the make/color/material of this flooring? thank you!

input: can you tell me the manufacturer and door/finish style on the cabinets?
target: cabinets? can you tell me the manufacturer and door/finish style on the cabinets? thanks
output: cabinets. can you tell me the manufacturer and door/finish style on the cabinets? thanks

input: what finish did you choose?
target: kitchen . hi, we have just ordered the hf staccato pendants lights for a kitchen too. what finish did you choose? dark smoke? we are also going to install dark grey/black countertops as well. what stone did you select?
output: finish on cabinets. what finish did you choose? cabinets?

input: what is the wall color.
target: what is the wall color. wall color. beautiful kitchen.
output: what is the wall color. i love this room! what is the wall color. thanks

input: would you mind sharing which line of wolf cabinets?
target: wolf cabinets . which line? love the space! would you mind sharing which line of wolf cabinets? such as designer, transition, signature or classic? thank you, and again lovely space!
output: wolf cabinets. would you mind sharing which line of wolf cabinets? thank you!

input: i'm wondering if it is a natural stone, and if so, is it a marble, granite or quartzite?
target: what is the island countertop material? i'm wondering if it is a natural stone, and if so, is it a marble, granite or quartzite? and what is the color/name? it is striking!
output: what is the material? i'm wondering if it is a natural stone, and if so, is it a marble, granite or quartzite? what is the material? thanks!

input: does the apron get scratched up?
target: sink source . source for sink? does the apron get scratched up? thanks
output: sink. does the apron get scratched up? is it grease?

input: how are the uppers finished across the bottom?
target: cabinets . are these custom cabinets? how are the uppers finished across the bottom? are there under cabinet lights? thanks
output: cabinets. how are the uppers finished across the bottom? thanks

input: did you apply the leveling concrete first, then stain it?
target: i really love this kitchen. how could you make the concrete floor looks like marble. did you apply the leveling concrete first, then stain it? what color of the concrete stain did you use? i 'd like to have the same stained concrete floor in my kitchen but not sure the local concrete company could do the same style. thank you very much for answering my question.
output: how did you achieve this? did you apply the leveling concrete first, then stain it? i'm building a new home and i'm trying to do that in my kitchen.

input: honed black peripheral countertops?
target: beautiful countertops . honed black peripheral countertops? what is material?
output: honed black peripheral countertops? what is the honed black peripheral countertops? what is the material?

input: light fixtures/pendants?
target: light fixtures/pendants? size, make? please provide details thanks
output: light fixtures/pendants? what brand of wood?

input: you you mention a matte finish on the floor, but could you state what type of finish?
target: floor . you you mention a matte finish on the floor, but could you state what type of finish? bobs traffic? oil or water based? thank you and thanks for sharing this great kitchen!
output: floor. you you mention a matte finish on the floor, but could you state what type of finish? thanks!

input: do you mind sharing the manufacturer of the roller shades used here or on some of your other projects?
target: roller shades? do you mind sharing the manufacturer of the roller shades used here or on some of your other projects? i love how their low.profile allows the window to be the main focus. thank you.
output: roller shades. do you mind sharing the manufacturer of the roller shades used here or on some of your other projects? i love how they work together!

input: can you tell me the depth of the shelf and what kind of brackets were used?
target: i love the shelf! can you tell me the depth of the shelf and what kind of brackets were used? i'm having this made by a steel fabricator. it's awesome.
output: brackets. can you tell me the depth of the shelf and what kind of brackets were used? thank you!

input: would love to know where the table chairs and stools came from.
target: window seat project . would love to know where the table chairs and stools came from. thanks!
output: would love to know where the table chairs and stools came from. thank you. would love to know where the table chairs and stools came from. thanks

input: what is the material these windows are made out of?
target: love the windows! who makes these? what is the material these windows are made out of? aluminum or fiberglass? thanks so much!!! this house is beautiful!
output: windows. what is the material these windows are made out of? thanks

input: are these custom or can you share a source?
target: shelves are fantastic . are these custom or can you share a source? fantastic space! thank you.
output: cabinets. are these custom or can you share a source? thanks!

input: hi tim, what is the window brand used here.
target: window brand . hi tim, what is the window brand used here. thanks so much, shawn
output: window brand. hi tim, what is the window brand used here. thanks

input: where can the table be purchased?
target: where can the table be purchased? who's the manufacturer ? sheilag
output: table. where can the table be purchased? thank you.

input: what brand and color wood floors are these .
target: what brand and color wood floors are these . thank you in advance for the response. i was having a hard time picking out wood floors.
output: what brand and color wood floors are these. i love the floors. what is the color?

input: where are they from?
target: bar stools . love the bar stools. where are they from?
output: chandeliers. where are they from? chandeliers?

input: who are they by?
target: i love the lights. who are they by? thanks
output: i love the chairs. who are they by? thanks

input: were the cabinets unfinished before you painted them?
target: cabinets . were the cabinets unfinished before you painted them? if not, were they stripped?
output: cabinets. were the cabinets unfinished before you painted them? i'm trying to do a similar look in my kitchen.

input: i saw you answered a question about the paint, could you tell me what brand the paint is?
target: paint manufacturer? i am in love with these beautiful colors! i saw you answered a question about the paint, could you tell me what brand the paint is?
output: paint color. i am in love with this kitchen! i saw you answered a question about the paint, could you tell me what brand the paint is? thank you!

input: where are the lights from?
target: love the lights . where are the lights from? cabinets look amazing too!
output: light. where are the lights from? love them!

input: hello, may i find out who made the narrow kitchen windows?
target: tall, narrow windows flanking cooktop? hello, may i find out who made the narrow kitchen windows? the smaller one on top of them, particularly. thank you!
output: windows. hello, may i find out who made the narrow kitchen windows? thanks!

input: hi can you tell me if this is the weathered oak or burnt oak finish on the rh counter stools?
target: finish on counter stools . hi can you tell me if this is the weathered oak or burnt oak finish on the rh counter stools? thanks.
output: finish on counters. hi can you tell me if this is the weathered oak or burnt oak finish on the rh counter stools? thanks

input: do you mind sharing the light manufacturer?
target: lighting over counter? hi, this is a lovely kitchen! do you mind sharing the light manufacturer? i'm looking for something like this. thanks in advance!
output: light manufacturer? do you mind sharing the light manufacturer? thank you!

input: could you please tell me where you got those?
target: bar stools . could you please tell me where you got those? thanks!
output: i love the pendant lights over the island. could you please tell me where you got those? thanks!

input: we are in the midst of a remodel when i saw you design with quartzite .
target: we are in the midst of a remodel when i saw you design with quartzite . i have decided to forgo granite in lieu of the super white quartzite due to your beautiful design, but can not find a local company that represents it. we live in salem and would love to get a first hand look at it. do you have any recommendations? thank you,
output: love the pendant lights! we are in the midst of a remodel when i saw you design with quartzite. i would love to know where to purchase these lights!

input: can you please share the paints you choose for cabinet and walls???
target: paint . can you please share the paints you choose for cabinet and walls??? they appear to be the same but perhaps not?
output: paint color. can you please share the paints you choose for cabinet and walls? ? ? thanks

input: this kitchen is gorgeous and exactly how i want to lay out my kitchen.
target: can you give the dimensions of the entire kitchen? from wall to wall. this kitchen is gorgeous and exactly how i want to lay out my kitchen. is there a pantry behind the stove in the hallway back there? love the layout
output: this kitchen is gorgeous and exactly how i want to lay out my kitchen. i'm planning on doing something similar but i'm worried it won't come close to being a white dove.

input: who makes them?
target: pendants?! the pendants are great . who makes them?
output: love the chairs. who makes them? thanks

input: can you tell me about them?
target: marble and barstools? love the center island marble and barstools. can you tell me about them?
output: cabinets. what color are the cabinets? can you tell me about them?

input: layout/blueprints available?
target: layout/blueprints available? hi, very impressed with this design. is the design available?
output: layout/blueprints available? hi there, i'm in love with this layout. i'm in love with this layout.

input: what is the make/model/brand of the cabinet pulls?
target: cabinet pulls . what is the make/model/brand of the cabinet pulls? they look great!
output: cabinet pulls. what is the make/model/brand of the cabinet pulls? thank you!

input: what color and brand are the cabinets?
target: what color and brand are the cabinets? thank you. what color and brand are the cabinets? thank you.
output: what color and brand are the cabinets? i love this kitchen! what color and brand are the cabinets?

input: which ceiling fan model from futuro futuro did you select?
target: ceiling hood . beautiful kitchen! which ceiling fan model from futuro futuro did you select?
output: ceiling fan. which ceiling fan model from futuro futuro did you select? thank you!

input: or a custom carpenter on site please ?
target: drawer inserts . hello! did you have these done at a kitchen design store . or a custom carpenter on site please ?
output: is that a door? or a custom carpenter on site please? it looks like there's a door that pulls it out.

input: is that a faux finish on the vent hood?
target: vent hood . is that a faux finish on the vent hood? it looks like ventahood.com thanks for answering
output: vent hood. is that a faux finish on the vent hood? what is the name of it?

input: also, what are those stunning floors?
target: gorgeous backsplash under the hood . please share the maker of the amazing tile beneath the hood. also, what are those stunning floors? thanks
output: what are those stunning floors? also, what are those stunning floors? thank you!

input: where are the blinds from?
target: love the blinds . where are the blinds from? manufacturer?
output: where are the blinds from? love the lights! where are the blinds from?

input: love the cabinetry, can i ask what it's made of?
target: cabinetry and flooring . love the cabinetry, can i ask what it's made of? and is the flooring a laminate?
output: love the cabinetry, can i ask what it's made of? thanks!

input: i love the coffee sustem built in as shown in your picture however i have been told by my kd that this mieli system must be built into a tall cabinet .
target: mieli coffee system . i love the coffee sustem built in as shown in your picture however i have been told by my kd that this mieli system must be built into a tall cabinet . did you do any special work to install it above the counter?
output: i love the coffee sustem built in as shown in your picture however i have been told by my kd that this mieli system must be built into a tall cabinet. thank you.

input: what is the width of this beverage center?
target: what is the width of this beverage center? thanks! what is the width of this beverage center? thanks!
output: what is the width of this beverage center? i'm planning on ordering a beverage from the same company. thanks!

input: what kind of wood floor is this?
target: floors . real wood or fake? what kind of wood floor is this? thank you
output: floors. what kind of wood floor is this? thank you

input: what are the specs on the wires in the drawer?
target: drawer charging station . what type of power strip is this? what are the specs on the wires in the drawer?
output: what are the specs on the wires in the drawer? i love the band band band(hanging from ceiling) . what are the specs on the wires in the drawer? thanks

input: hi what is color of backsplash and name of manufacture?
target: backsplash . hi what is color of backsplash and name of manufacture? where did you get it. also what is name and color of countertop? thanks
output: backsplash. hi what is color of backsplash and name of manufacture? thanks

input: any idea how much total space from the right side of the oven to the far edge?
target: cabinets . any idea how much total space from the right side of the oven to the far edge? or how large each cabinet to the left and right of cooktop? also,ceiling heigh? beautiful kitchen!
output: table. any idea how much total space from the right side of the oven to the far edge? thanks!

input: what size is the sink?
target: what size is the sink? what size is the sink? i love it.
output: what size is the sink? what size is the sink? thank you!

input: where is the window from?
target: where is the window from? what are the dimensions? i love everything about this kitchen, and i am actually using it as my primary inspiration for my reno!
output: where is the window from? love it! love it!

input: where are the cabinet pulls from?
target: where are the cabinet pulls from? thank you, . i have these cabinets, love the pulls
output: where are the cabinet pulls from? love the kitchen! where are the cabinet pulls from?

input: could you please tell me the information on the range hood/cover?
target: beautiful kitchen . could you please tell me the information on the range hood/cover? manufacturer info, etc. where could i buy it?
output: could you please tell me the information on the range hood/cover? thank you!

input: gorgeous counter what is the manufacturer, material and name?
target: gorgeous counter what is the manufacturer, material and name? also, what is the width? thanks so much!
output: gorgeous counter what is the manufacturer, material and name? thanks! i'm trying to do something similar.

input: i know you had replied that your marble company goes by number.any way to have the number of the island and perimeter granite?
target: granite question . i know you had replied that your marble company goes by number.any way to have the number of the island and perimeter granite? this is the most beautiful kitchen i have seen! thanks, kathy
output: granite question. i know you had replied that your marble company goes by number. any way to have the number of the island and perimeter granite? thank you!

input: who makes those beautiful chairs?
target: who makes those beautiful chairs? gorgeous kitchen.i am looking for chairs like that for my new house. thank you.
output: who makes those beautiful chairs? who makes those beautiful chairs? they are perfect!

input: question, are there any kind of recessed lighting inside of it, such as led or rope or anything?
target: ceiling treatment. love lov e love it. question, are there any kind of recessed lighting inside of it, such as led or rope or anything? it's a piece of art, all on it's own!
output: what is the lighting? question, are there any kind of recessed lighting inside of it, such as led or rope or anything? thank you!

input: are there any lights inside the trough, and if so, what kind.
target: on the island light (ceiling). are there any lights inside the trough, and if so, what kind. led rope/strip/fluorescent? thank you!
output: what is the ceiling? are there any lights inside the trough, and if so, what kind. thank you!

input: where did the chandeliers come from?
target: chandeliers . where did the chandeliers come from? are they by ebanista?
output: chandeliers. where did the chandeliers come from? they're amazing!

input: what are the colors/wood used in the cabinets?
target: cabinet colors . what are the colors/wood used in the cabinets? this kitchen is gorgeous!
output: what are the colors/wood used in the cabinets? i love this kitchen! what are the colors/wood used in the cabinets?

input: what tile and accents were used and where can they be purchased?
target: this is a beautiful backsplash. what tile and accents were used and where can they be purchased? we hope to build a home in the next year in wv and would love to use this backsplash or something similar in our kitchen. thank you!
output: what tile and accents were used and where can they be purchased? i love this kitchen! what tile and accents were used and where can they be purchased? thanks!

input: is the island color the same color as the trim in the window?
target: is the island color the same color as the trim in the window? i was planning to do the trim and doors in our new addition white but the island i chose was more of an off white. i wasn't sure if that was acceptable to do.
output: is the island color the same color as the trim in the window? what is the color? what is the trim color?

input: would you please let me know color and if it's travertine?
target: tile? would you please let me know color and if it's travertine? thanks!
output: i love this! would you please let me know color and if it's travertine? thank you!

input: what are the approximate measurements of the island?
target: island . beautiful island! what are the approximate measurements of the island? what type of wood was used for the top tier?
output: what are the approximate measurements of the island? i love this! thank you!

input: where do i purchase chandeliers?
target: chandeliers . where do i purchase chandeliers? beautiful
output: chandeliers. where do i purchase chandeliers? they are beautiful!

input: is it possible to add bar extension as shown here?
target: srik . we have a flat but huge island. is it possible to add bar extension as shown here? thanks.
output: is it possible to add bar extension as shown here? i love this kitchen! i'm trying to figure out if this is a good fit fit for my new kitchen. i'm guessing it is a long, narrow, long, and i'm guessing the end of the bay. thanks!

input: where are the island corbels from?
target: corbels . where are the island corbels from? how long are they
output: corbels. where are the island corbels from? what size are they?

input: what appliances are in the island besides the sink?
target: i love the island design and granite choice . its a little difficult to determine the color of the granite on the island. what appliances are in the island besides the sink? i would appreciate an answer a.s.a.p. i am ready to choose a granite this week. thank you
output: what appliances are in the island besides the sink? i love the island! what appliances are in the island besides the sink? thank you!

input: what color granite was used on the darker cabinets?
target: what color granite was used on the darker cabinets? i have dark cherry cabinets with onyx glaze in my new kitchen and would love to go with a dark granite but i am having a difficult time choosing one. i was thinking uba tuba but the fabricator is trying to talk me out of it because he said it is too common
output: what color granite was used on the darker cabinets? i love the look! what color granite was used on the darker cabinets?

input: does it mimic the shape of the coffered ceiling?
target: i love those barstools! i would like to know where to purchase them. also what is the shape of the island? i love those barstools! i would like to know where to purchase them. also what is the shape of this kitchen island? does it mimic the shape of the coffered ceiling?
output: what is the shape of this panel? is it a l shaped ceiling? does it mimic the shape of the coffered ceiling?

input: do you have pics of the rest of the renovation of the house?
target: do you have pics of the rest of the renovation of the house? i love this and would love to see how iit flhouse . do you have pics of the rest of the houses renovation, i absolutely love this kitchen! and would love to see the rest of the house and it's layout
output: do you have pics of the rest of the renovation of the house? i love this! do you have pics of the rest of the renovation of the house?

input: can you tell me the names of these granites?
target: kitchen ideas for new house . i love the use of different granites on island and perimeter cabinetry. can you tell me the names of these granites? what is the paint color for the the island? the cabinets?
output: can you tell me the names of these granites? i love the pendants! thank you!

input: where are they from!!
target: i love the chairs. where are they from!! they are so beautiful.
output: i love the chairs. where are they from! ! thanks!

input: where is the flooring from?
target: nice kitchen! where is the flooring from? where is the rug from?
output: where is the flooring from? what is the name of? what is the name of?

input: what are the dimensions?
target: bench seating . great bench seating. what are the dimensions?
output: dimensions. what are the dimensions? thanks!

input: what a cute rug in front of the sink!
target: rug . what a cute rug in front of the sink! where can it be purchased? thank you.
output: rug. what a cute rug in front of the sink! where can it be purchased? thanks!

input: how do i find just the right white.
target: picking white paint . i need white paint to go in an entrance way and run through into the kitchen. the cupboards are also white. how do i find just the right white.
output: how do i find just the right white. i am looking for a white cabinet with white cabinets. i am looking for a white cabinet maker.

input: i am wondering if you would be willing to share any information about the island bar stools?
target: island bar stools? what a beautiful design! i am wondering if you would be willing to share any information about the island bar stools? i love the industrial look with a small diameter base. thxs.
output: what is the island bar stools? i am wondering if you would be willing to share any information about the island bar stools? thanks!

input: what is the slab on the island made of?
target: this is definitely my dream kitchen, so spacious, so serene. what is the slab on the island made of? thanks.
output: what is the slab on the island made of? this is a beautiful kitchen! thank you!

input: can you please tell me how high the upper cabinets are?
target: cabinet height / company . can you please tell me how high the upper cabinets are? are they top hinge cabinets . one door hinged that folds up on each cabinet? were they custom? thank you
output: ceiling height. can you please tell me how high the upper cabinets are? thanks!

input: if yes, what stain is it please?
target: are these cabinets stained? if yes, what stain is it please? thank you
output: is the cabinet stain? if yes, what stain is it please? thank you!

input: i saw the island color, but the other cabinets?
target: cabinet color, not island . what are the cabinet colors? i saw the island color, but the other cabinets?
output: what is the island color? i saw the island color, but the other cabinets? what is the color?

input: can you please share information about the tile behind the stove.
target: backsplash tile . can you please share information about the tile behind the stove. material, color, size?
output: backsplash tile. can you please share information about the tile behind the stove. i love it!

input: do you happen to know the width of the glass in the cabinets?
target: cabinet glass width? do you happen to know the width of the glass in the cabinets? thank you!
output: cabinet glass width. do you happen to know the width of the glass in the cabinets? thanks

input: can you tell me the material and color used on the island.
target: island . can you tell me the material and color used on the island. thank you
output: island color. can you tell me the material and color used on the island. thank you

input: may i ask what benjamin moore colors you used for the cabinets and island?
target: what are the color of the cabinets and island? this is such a beautiful kitchen. the colors, glass cabinets and countertops you used are just outstanding. may i ask what benjamin moore colors you used for the cabinets and island? thanks so much for your time and for sharing this wonderful room.
output: what are the cabinets and island? this is such a beautiful kitchen! may i ask what benjamin moore colors you used for the cabinets and island? thank you!

input: can you provide any info regarding size, finish, color, manufacturer, or retailer?
target: what is the backsplash? i really like the backsplash. can you provide any info regarding size, finish, color, manufacturer, or retailer? thanks!
output: backsplash. can you provide any info regarding size, finish, color, manufacturer, or retailer? thanks!

input: manufacturer of the cabinetry hardware?
target: hardware for cabinetry? manufacturer of the cabinetry hardware? beautiful kitchen
output: manufacturer of the cabinetry hardware? i'm in love with this kitchen! manufacturer of the cabinetry hardware?

input: what paint color did you use on the island?
target: island paint color . what paint color did you use on the island? it looks fantastic!
output: island paint color. what paint color did you use on the island? thank you!

input: in order to achieve this look how closely is the tile laid ?
target: when grouting what is the recommended spacing . in order to achieve this look how closely is the tile laid ? is there grout between tiles ?
output: how closely is the tile laid? in order to achieve this look how closely is the tile laid? is it a seal?

input: do you remember the knobs?
target: love the hardware! are those rh gilmore? do you remember the knobs?
output: love the hardware! do you remember the knobs? thank you!

input: could you please tell me the ceiling height ??
target: ceiling . could you please tell me the ceiling height ?? thanks !
output: ceiling. could you please tell me the ceiling height? ? thanks!

input: what size are tiles and who makes them?
target: backsplash . love backsplash design. what size are tiles and who makes them?
output: what size are tiles and who makes them? thanks

input: please please can you tell me who makes these pendant lights?
target: who makes the pendant lights please!! thank you! please please can you tell me who makes these pendant lights? thank you!
output: pendants. please please can you tell me who makes these pendant lights? thank you!

input: are the cabinets flat panel?
target: cabinets . love this kitchen!! are the cabinets flat panel?
output: cabinets. are the cabinets flat panel? what color/stain?

input: who made the custom hood?
target: beautiful kitchen! who made the custom hood? thanks!
output: hood. who made the custom hood? who made the custom hood? thanks

input: do you recall the maker of the sink?
target: beautiful sink . who makes it? do you recall the maker of the sink?
output: love the sink! do you recall the maker of the sink? thanks

input: is it a chrome finish?
target: gorgeous kitchen! who makes the faucet? is it a chrome finish? thank you!!
output: is it a chrome finish? what is the finish? i love the finish on this!

input: wow beautiful kitchen , what tile is used for the backsplash ?
target: kitchen . wow beautiful kitchen , what tile is used for the backsplash ? thank you
output: wow beautiful kitchen, what tile is used for the backsplash? thank you!

input: what paint color was used?
target: paint color . what paint color was used? it's beautiful ty
output: paint color. what paint color was used? thank you

input: can you tell me the dimensions of the island?
target: island . can you tell me the dimensions of the island? thanks.
output: dimensions. can you tell me the dimensions of the island? thanks!

input: how tall are ceilings?
target: how tall are ceilings? where do i get beams? stain color of beams?
output: how tall are ceilings? i'm planning on doing a similar ceiling and i'm planning on doing a similar ceiling. thanks!

input: what is it?
target: love the backsplash. what is it? brand/name. interesting texture.
output: love the flooring! what is it? what is it?

input: can you share the name and manufacturer of the lights?
target: pendant lighting . can you share the name and manufacturer of the lights? thank you!
output: lights. can you share the name and manufacturer of the lights? thank you!

input: what exhaust hood company makes that hood?
target: what exhaust hood company makes that hood? i want one . yohanah
output: what exhaust hood company makes that hood? i love the look you designed here. thanks!

input: can you please tell me what kind of tile is used on the back splash?
target: back splash . can you please tell me what kind of tile is used on the back splash? thanks a bunch!!
output: back splash. can you please tell me what kind of tile is used on the back splash? thank you

input: how thick is your wooden countertop and what is the overhang?
target: countertop overhang? how thick is your wooden countertop and what is the overhang? thanks.
output: how thick is your wooden countertop and what is the overhang? how thick is your wooden countertop and what is the overhang? thanks!

input: can you tell me the drawer face dimensions for the ones on the right of the face frame stiles and rails width?
target: what are the dimensions of the drawers and face frame stile and rails? remodelling my kitchen and having a hard time to find proportions for inset cabinets. specifically the face frame stiles and rails width and the height of the top drawers. can you tell me the drawer face dimensions for the ones on the right of the face frame stiles and rails width? thanks.
output: what are the dimensions of the drawers and face frame stiles? can you tell me the drawer face dimensions for the ones on the right of the face frame stiles and rails width? thanks

input: just wondering what is a good distance to keep around the island?
target: island . beautifully designed! how space is between the island and back counter? just wondering what is a good distance to keep around the island? thanks!
output: what is the distance to the island to the other side of the island? just wondering what is a good distance to keep around the island? thanks

input: what are the dimensions of that island?
target: love this! what are the dimensions of that island? thanks :)
output: what are the dimensions of that island? i love this kitchen! what are the dimensions of that island? thanks

input: can you tell me how high the ceilings are in this kitchen?
target: this kitchen is perfection! can you tell me how high the ceilings are in this kitchen? also, what material are the perimeter countertops? love this room!
output: ceiling height. can you tell me how high the ceilings are in this kitchen? thanks

input: custom made?
target: love the pot rack. custom made? looking for a stable (no chains) pot rack to go over sink. prefer single rod.
output: love the pendants! custom made? what is the brand?

input: what color are the cabinets?
target: what color are the cabinets? i am looking for a light cream color for farmhouse kitchen. thank you! i love this kitchen!
output: what color are the cabinets? i'm trying to decide which color to go with. what is the paint color?

input: hello, what range hood did you spec?
target: range hood question . hello, what range hood did you spec? so many have the controls on the front and the wood would cover them up. this hood appears to have the controls underneath. absolutely beautiful kitchen by the way. thanks!
output: range hood. hello, what range hood did you spec? thank you!

input: can you tell me about the construction of this island?
target: can you tell me about the construction of this island? what materials were used and what are the dimensions? thanks.
output: can you tell me about the construction of this island? i love the island. can you tell me about the construction of this island? thank you!

input: can you tell me the brand of paint and colors you used on the cabinets?
target: beautiful cabinets! can you tell me the brand of paint and colors you used on the cabinets? and the grey ceiling looks so nice with your design!
output: cabinets. can you tell me the brand of paint and colors you used on the cabinets? thank you

input: do you know the manufacturer of the large black window over the sink?
target: kitchen window . love the window as the kitchen focal point . do you know the manufacturer of the large black window over the sink?
output: window. do you know the manufacturer of the large black window over the sink? thanks

input: can you please tell me what was used/done to create this look with the polished cement floors?
target: polished cement floors . can you please tell me what was used/done to create this look with the polished cement floors? was a color added or used? if so, which color and brand?
output: floors. can you please tell me what was used/done to create this look with the polished cement floors? thank you!

input: what is the wall color?
target: love the color scheme!!! what is the wall color? and cabinet color?
output: wall color. what is the wall color? thanks

input: can you please tell me the cabinet colour?
target: can you please tell me the cabinet colour? i am interested in the cabinet colour. it is beautiful . not too dark andamp. not to pale.
output: cabinet colour. can you please tell me the cabinet colour? thank you.

input: what is the largest size cabinet drawer on which these pulls are used?
target: largest cabinet drawer . i love the cabinet hardware, but i'm trying to decide if 6 inches will be long enough for my larger drawers. what is the largest size cabinet drawer on which these pulls are used? thank you.
output: what is the largest size cabinet drawer on which these pulls are used? i'm planning on doing something similar in my kitchen. i'm planning on doing something similar.

input: have you experienced this?
target: marble backsplash behind stove . we are in the process of designing our kitchen. i love the look of the marble slab behind the range, but was curious about any grease/food stains that may etch/stain while cooking. have you experienced this? thank you!
output: love the pendant lights! have you experienced this? thank you!

input: are the counter stools original emeco nine.o chairs or a replica?
target: counter stools . great kitchen! are the counter stools original emeco nine.o chairs or a replica?
output: are the counter stools original emeco nine. o chairs or a replica? thank you!

input: where did you get that sink?
target: sink . where did you get that sink? love it
output: sink. where did you get that sink? it's beautiful!

input: i love the cabinets, can you tell me who makes them?
target: cabinets . i love the cabinets, can you tell me who makes them? thanks!
output: cabinets. i love the cabinets, can you tell me who makes them? thank you!

input: what is the faucet?
target: faucet . what is the faucet? love it?
output: faucet. what is the faucet? thanks

input: is there a cabinet color very similar to this that you would recommend?
target: cabinet color . is there a cabinet color very similar to this that you would recommend? thanks!
output: is there a cabinet color very similar to this that you would recommend? thank you!

input: can you tell me what it is and who manufactures it?
target: the backsplash is beautiful. can you tell me what it is and who manufactures it? thanks
output: love the cabinetry! can you tell me what it is and who manufactures it? thanks

input: where can i find them?
target: i love the open shelves! where can i find them? thanks.
output: love the chairs. where can i find them? thanks

input: what size in the tile?
target: what size in the tile? gorgeous kitchen. love the herringbone with this size.
output: what size in the tile? what size in the tile? thanks

input: where are the floating shelves from?
target: where are the floating shelves from? did you tile before/after hanging . so pretty!
output: where are the floating shelves from? what are the dimensions? thanks!

input: hi, can you please tell me the color paint you used for the cabinets?
target: cabinet paint color . hi, can you please tell me the color paint you used for the cabinets? thank you very much!
output: cabinet paint color. hi, can you please tell me the color paint you used for the cabinets? thank you!

input: where is it from?
target: i love this hardware! where is it from? thank you!
output: i love the flooring! where is it from? what is it? thank you!

input: who makes the hardware used on the cabinets?
target: cabinet hardware . who makes the hardware used on the cabinets? where can they be purchased?
output: cabinets. who makes the hardware used on the cabinets? who makes the hardware used on the cabinets? thanks

input: what is the make/model?
target: faucet . i like the faucet? what is the make/model? thanks!
output: love the pendants! what is the make/model? thank you!

input: source?
target: lights . love the lighting. source? thanks
output: bar stools. i love the bar stools. source?

input: where did you get your lights, particularly the one over the table.
target: lighting . where did you get your lights, particularly the one over the table. thank you!
output: where did you get your lights, particularly the one over the table. i have a similar ceiling and am trying to do something similar in my kitchen. i have a ceiling that is 10' x 30" . thanks

input: cold water filtration system?
target: faucet . what brand is the faucet? is that a hot andamp. cold water filtration system? if so what brand please. really beautiful job!!
output: faucet. what is the brand of the faucet? what is the brand of the faucet? what is the brand? what is the brand? what is the brand? what is the brand? what is the cost? thanks!

input: can you tell me the faucet finish?
target: faucet finish . can you tell me the faucet finish? thanks. love your work.
output: faucet finish. can you tell me the faucet finish? thanks!

input: can you please tell me who makes the range hood!
target: love the range hood . can you please tell me who makes the range hood! or was it a custom job? if so, would you know the stain? thank you so much! gorgeous kitchen!
output: range hood. can you please tell me who makes the range hood! thank you!

input: what is material?
target: nice flooring. what is material? brand and name?
output: counters. what is material? thanks

input: can you share the dimensions for the island?
target: kitchen island . love this entire kitchen. can you share the dimensions for the island?
output: dimensions. can you share the dimensions for the island? thanks!

input: i love your kitchen and am curious if you used sherwin williams proclassic alkyd paint for cabinets?
target: type of paint . alkyd or acrylic/latex? i love your kitchen and am curious if you used sherwin williams proclassic alkyd paint for cabinets? i am concerned about yellowing with the bright white and wanted to see what type you used. thank you in advance!
output: what is the paint color on the cabinets? i love your kitchen and am curious if you used sherwin williams proclassic alkyd paint for cabinets? i'm concerned with the matte matte that may be lost, but i'm concerned that it may not stick with the white cabinets. thanks!

input: can you tell me what you used for the backsplash?
target: backsplash . i love love love this kitchen! can you tell me what you used for the backsplash?
output: backsplash. can you tell me what you used for the backsplash? thanks

input: for full overlay, how much should the space be between drawers/cabinet doors?
target: cabinets . for full overlay, how much should the space be between drawers/cabinet doors? thanks!
output: cabinets. for full overlay, how much should the space be between drawers/cabinet doors? thanks!

input: you know how much i admire your work and often feature it on my blog, you are an inspiration!
target: flooring and counters. can you please share any information about the floor and counters? thank you. i also want to thank you for always answering to our questions here. you know how much i admire your work and often feature it on my blog, you are an inspiration!
output: flooring. i love this flooring! you know how much i admire your work and often feature it on my blog, you are an inspiration!

input: can you please share the wall/cabinets paint color and lighting source?
target: paint color and lighting. can you please share the wall/cabinets paint color and lighting source? thank you.
output: paint color and lighting. can you please share the wall/cabinets paint color and lighting source? thank you!

input: could you tell me the sink manufacturer?
target: kitchen sink size and brand . could you tell me the sink manufacturer? beautiful.
output: could you tell me the sink manufacturer? love it! thank you!

input: are the counters macaubas white?
target: quartzite counters? stunning kitchen. are the counters macaubas white? thanks
output: counters. are the counters macaubas white? what is the color?

input: hi, love the stainless steel backsplash over the range and the water filler, where can i get the backsplash?
target: stainless steel backsplash over the range and pot filler . hi, love the stainless steel backsplash over the range and the water filler, where can i get the backsplash? and how to fit the pot filler to the backsplash ? is there any specific measurement ?
output: backsplash. hi, love the stainless steel backsplash over the range and the water filler, where can i get the backsplash? thanks!

input: can you please tell me the longest length of the marble used on the island?
target: i'm in love with the zebrino marble! can you please tell me the longest length of the marble used on the island? i was hoping to do white macaubus on mine but was recently told it doesn't come long enough. i am doing a 10' island and would need 136" to accommodate a 2.5 mitered edge. any suggestions? i love the movement in both aforementioned materials!
output: marble. can you please tell me the longest length of the marble used on the island? thank you.

input: wondering if its affect storage by taking the upper cabinets out?
target: can you please specify the exact size of the island? beautifully done kitchen!! wondering if its affect storage by taking the upper cabinets out?
output: what is the storage space on the island? wondering if its affect storage by taking the upper cabinets out? i love this!

input: can you please let me know the type and measurement of wood that you used in the pantry with the galvanized pipe?
target: pantry with wood shelves and pipe . can you please let me know the type and measurement of wood that you used in the pantry with the galvanized pipe? also where do you find pipe like that for the shelving?
output: what type of wood you used in the pantry with the galvanized pipe? i'm planning on doing this in my new home and i'm hoping this one won't be able to be used in this space. thank you!

input: what is the type of material used on the island counter, and what is it called?
target: island countertop? what is the type of material used on the island counter, and what is it called? it is unusually beautiful!
output: what is the type of material used on the island counter, and what is it called? what is the name of it? thanks

input: who are the manufactures of these cabinets?
target: cabinets? who makes them? who are the manufactures of these cabinets? they’re so gorgeous.
output: cabinets. who are the manufactures of these cabinets? who are the manufactures of these cabinets? thanks!

input: who makes the cabinet knobs and what is the finish on the knobs?
target: please tell me about the cabinet knobs, the supplier and the finish. who makes the cabinet knobs and what is the finish on the knobs? thank you.
output: cabinet knobs. who makes the cabinet knobs and what is the finish on the knobs? thank you!

input: what is the brand and size of the backsplash tiles.
target: backsplash question . what is the brand and size of the backsplash tiles. gorgeous!
output: backsplash. what is the brand and size of the backsplash tiles. thanks

input: island dimensions and color .
target: island dimensions and color . above comment says 39” i need width too. also color clarification, looks turquoise to me not colonial blue
output: island dimensions and color. i love this kitchen! what is the color on the walls?

input: the floor, the island.the wood?
target: the floor, the island.the wood? hickory on the floor? no clue on island. sure is pretty!
output: the floor, the island. the wood? what color stain?

input: can you tell me where the light above the island is from?
target: light above island . can you tell me where the light above the island is from? its beautiful! i love the rough hammered iron frame!
output: light above the island. can you tell me where the light above the island is from? thank you!

input: i was wondering if you could share who did the cabinets?
target: cabinet maker . this kitchen is stunning! i was wondering if you could share who did the cabinets? thanks
output: cabinets. who did the cabinets? i was wondering if you could share who did the cabinets? thank you!

input: this kitchen cabinet treatment is absolutely stunning and exactly how i'd like to refinish our existing quarter sewn oak cabinets.
target: kitchen cabinets . this kitchen cabinet treatment is absolutely stunning and exactly how i'd like to refinish our existing quarter sewn oak cabinets. who did the work on the cabinets? would love to talk to you about our kitchen project in oakland if you're interested.
output: what is the finish on the cabinets? this kitchen cabinet treatment is absolutely stunning and exactly how i'd like to refinish our existing quarter sewn oak cabinets. i'm guessing the finish is the same as the cabinets.

input: could you please provide details on the manufacturer and style?
target: wall light fixture . love the wall light fixture. could you please provide details on the manufacturer and style?
output: i love the cabinetry. could you please provide details on the manufacturer and style? thank you.

input: can you please tell me the brand and the color of the fireplace stacked stone?
target: stacked stone is gorgeous . can you please tell me the brand and the color of the fireplace stacked stone? thank you.
output: stacked stone. can you please tell me the brand and the color of the fireplace stacked stone? thank you!

input: what the best one
target: what is the. best soap dispenser to buy . have island sink and need to buy a soap dispenser . what the best one
output: what is the best soap dispenser in the dining area. what is the price of soap dispenser? what the cost of the soap dispenser.

input: are the handles and knobs by richelieu?
target: hardware? beautiful. are the handles and knobs by richelieu?
output: handles and knobs. are the handles and knobs by richelieu? what brand?

input: please share maker or where you sourced the pendants in this room .
target: pendants . please share maker or where you sourced the pendants in this room . they are lovely. thank you.
output: pendants. please share maker or where you sourced the pendants in this room. thank you.

input: if you have them, would you mind sharing the dimensions of the island?
target: dimensions of island? if you have them, would you mind sharing the dimensions of the island? thanks!
output: dimensions. this is a beautiful kitchen! if you have them, would you mind sharing the dimensions of the island? thanks!

input: hi .can you please tell me the brand and model of the kitchen faucet and adjacent beverage faucet?
target: faucets . hi .can you please tell me the brand and model of the kitchen faucet and adjacent beverage faucet? thanks so much.
output: kitchen faucet. hi. can you please tell me the brand and model of the kitchen faucet and adjacent beverage faucet? thanks!

input: i am also not sure about tiling to ceiling where the hood is continuing from backsplash.
target: my kitchen . beautiful kitchen. thank you for taking my question. i am doing my backsplash in marble 4x12 subway layout. is the photo showing a honed backsplash with gloss counters. i am also not sure about tiling to ceiling where the hood is continuing from backsplash. but i don't know if i should paint with an interesting color or continue tile the tile will need to be cut because of size and change the look.
output: how difficult is tiling on hood? i am also not sure about tiling to ceiling where the hood is continuing from backsplash. what is the color/shade of the hood?

input: what are the ceiling heights and how tall are the upper cabinets?
target: ceiling height . what are the ceiling heights and how tall are the upper cabinets? beautiful kitchen!
output: ceiling heights. what are the ceiling heights and how tall are the upper cabinets? thanks

input: can you tell me what brand they are?
target: hood and fridge . i love this hood and fridge!! can you tell me what brand they are? this kitchen is absolutely amazing!
output: cabinets. can you tell me what brand they are? thanks!

input: how was the edge of the tile finished off.
target: tile around window . how was the edge of the tile finished off. i would like to do something similar in my kitchen. it looks great!
output: how was the edge of the tile finished off. i love this tile. how did you get it.

input: do you know who is the mfg of the window?
target: window . do you know who is the mfg of the window? trying to locate a large awning. thanks!
output: window. do you know who is the mfg of the window? thanks

input: what is the wall covering .
target: what is the wall covering . tile? where can it be purchased? the wall is absolutely gorgeous. i would like to know the source/style/color.
output: what is the wall covering. is it custom made? what is the wall covering. thank you

input: where did the floating shelves come from?
target: floating shelves . where did the floating shelves come from? or were they custom? thanks!
output: where did the floating shelves come from? i have a similar ceiling and am trying to replicate this design. i have a similar ceiling and am trying to replicate it.

input: understand its brookhaven wood.mode, is it a full laminate?
target: cabinets . what color is the finish? understand its brookhaven wood.mode, is it a full laminate?
output: cabinets. what color is the cabinets? understand its brookhaven wood. mode, is it a full laminate?

input: does the countertop sit directly on top of the frameless cabinet?
target: great cabinets . does the countertop sit directly on top of the frameless cabinet? any trouble with drawer clearance?
output: what is the cabinet color? does the countertop sit directly on top of the frameless cabinet? what is the color?

input: can you please tell me which way this sink was installed?
target: sink . can you please tell me which way this sink was installed? rounded or squared?
output: sink. can you please tell me which way this sink was installed? thank you!

input: can you tell me the length of the kitchen and the distance from the island to the wall cabinets and from the island the end walls?
target: dimensions . i believe in an earlier e.mail, i saw that the island is 12' long. can you tell me the length of the kitchen and the distance from the island to the wall cabinets and from the island the end walls? my kitchen is similar to this and i am remodeling. i would love an island like this one? thanks
output: dimensions. can you tell me the length of the kitchen and the distance from the island to the wall cabinets and from the island the end walls? thanks!

input: what size is the triple casement window?
target: what size is the triple casement window? is this a 5 foot triple casement window? what brand is it?
output: what size is the triple casement window? is that double hung? what size is the triple casement window?

input: what finish are the island cabinets?
target: island cabinets . what finish are the island cabinets? they are a ice compliment to the white paint surrounding. add warmth i'm considering a similar look by custom cabinet maker. thank you.
output: what finish are the island cabinets? i'm trying to figure out if the cabinets are stained or stain?

input: could you please share the manufacturer and finish of the hardware?
target: kitchen hardware . could you please share the manufacturer and finish of the hardware? love it!!
output: beautiful kitchen! could you please share the manufacturer and finish of the hardware? thank you!

input: is that real wood?
target: the floor is gorgeous! the floor is gorgeous. is that real wood? what type?
output: what is the floor? is that real wood? what is the name of it?

input: can you advise who makes them?
target: who makes the pulls? can you advise who makes them? possibly model name/number?
output: who makes the pulls? can you advise who makes them? thank you.

input: am having a hard time finding where to find something this rich looking.
target: love the maple countertop! where could i find that? we're doing a complete kitchen remodel and i love the warmth of the wood on my island. am having a hard time finding where to find something this rich looking.
output: love the cabinetry! where did you find the cabinet pulls? am having a hard time finding where to find something this rich looking. i'm doing a similar scheme but i'm worried it won't come out crisp. thanks!

input: the island in white seems to float in the space rather than being a giant monolith taking up the whole kitchen.
target: love the white island! just a comment that reversing the paint scheme from the usual of dark on island and white on perimeter cabinets is brilliant! the island in white seems to float in the space rather than being a giant monolith taking up the whole kitchen. your kitchen is beautiful.
output: island. the island in white seems to float in the space rather than being a giant monolith taking up the whole kitchen. is it a 6' or 9' ? what size is the island? what is the dimension?

input: is it the same as the island, bm intense white?
target: kitchen trim color = intense white? can you share the coler of the trim? is it the same as the island, bm intense white? thank you!!! love your work. love this kitchen.
output: island. is it the same as the island, bm intense white? what is the color of the walls?

input: could you please tell me the brand and finish on the disposal button on the countertop next to kitchen faucet.
target: button for garage disposal . could you please tell me the brand and finish on the disposal button on the countertop next to kitchen faucet. thanks.
output: kitchen faucet. could you please tell me the brand and finish on the disposal button on the countertop next to kitchen faucet. thanks!

input: can u plz tell me what kind of tile and counter top are used in this kitchen?
target: love the tile and counter tops . can u plz tell me what kind of tile and counter top are used in this kitchen? where can i find them? thanks so much!
output: tile and counter tops. can u plz tell me what kind of tile and counter top are used in this kitchen? i'm wondering if they're real white as it's a gray gray.

input: looking for artist of fruit oils on counters ?
target: beautiful kitchen! where is the apple and pear art from? love the blac . looking for artist of fruit oils on counters ?
output: artist of fruit oils on counters? love the kitchen! what is the color/color of the cabinets and counters?

input: if known, will you please let me know the dimensions of the entire island?
target: island dimensions? if known, will you please let me know the dimensions of the entire island? thanks!
output: dimensions. if known, will you please let me know the dimensions of the entire island? thank you!

input: can you please provide the manufacturer and color?
target: stunning kitchen! i would love information about the tile backsplash. can you please provide the manufacturer and color?
output: backsplash. i love this backsplash. can you please provide the manufacturer and color? thank you.

input: could you possibly tell me who manufactures the pulls?
target: cabinet pulls . this is a gorgeous kitchen and similar in materials and colors as our renovation. could you possibly tell me who manufactures the pulls? thank you!
output: i love the pulls. could you possibly tell me who manufactures the pulls? thank you!

input: were the floors original to the house and were they refinished?
target: were the floors original to the house and were they refinished? love the color of this floor. is it red oak? what stain is used?
output: were the floors original to the house and were they refinished? what type of wood? what type of wood was used?

input: please tell me where you purchased the sink.
target: i love the kitchen!! the farmhouse sink is classic! please tell me where you purchased the sink. any other details like the name and model number would be appreciated. thanks!
output: sink. please tell me where you purchased the sink. thank you

input: where are the cabinets from?
target: cabinets? where are the cabinets from? are the custom? i love everything about this kitchen!
output: where are the cabinets from? what style? what style?

input: can you tell me who makes the faucet?
target: love faucet . can you tell me who makes the faucet? thank you!
output: faucet. can you tell me who makes the faucet? thanks

input: can i please have the source?
target: backsplash . love this backsplash! can i please have the source?
output: pendant lights. love the pendants! can i please have the source?

input: i love the doors to the wash/dryer, where can i get the hardware?
target: love the doors to wash/dryer . where can i get the hardware . i love the doors to the wash/dryer, where can i get the hardware? thanks
output: hardware. i love the doors to the wash/dryer, where can i get the hardware? thanks!

input: could you please tell me how tall the ceilings are in this room?
target: beautiful lanterns! i am considering these lanterns for my new kitchen but i am concerned about the height. could you please tell me how tall the ceilings are in this room? this is one of my favorite homes on houzz!
output: ceiling height. could you please tell me how tall the ceilings are in this room? thanks!

input: can you tell me dimensions of the kitchen?
target: dimensions . can you tell me dimensions of the kitchen? particularly, the distance from island to window alcove. awesome work.
output: dimensions. can you tell me dimensions of the kitchen? thanks.

input: i may have missed the answer somewhere, my apologies if so, but, what is paint color used on cabinets and trim?
target: beautiful and inspiring. i may have missed the answer somewhere, my apologies if so, but, what is paint color used on cabinets and trim? thank you!
output: what is the paint color on cabinets and trim? i may have missed the answer somewhere, my apologies if so, but, what is paint color used on cabinets and trim? thank you.

input: i love this stone and limestone floor but i need to have brick on my house and was wondering what brick would look good with this stone.
target: brick . is their any brick on this house? i love this stone and limestone floor but i need to have brick on my house and was wondering what brick would look good with this stone. thank you so much!!
output: what is the brick color on the walls? i love this stone and limestone floor but i need to have brick on my house and was wondering what brick would look good with this stone. thank you.

input: hi, do you know how tall the ceilings are?
target: ceiling height . hi, do you know how tall the ceilings are? thanks
output: ceiling height. hi, do you know how tall the ceilings are? thanks

input: can you please share the source of the island and nook light fixtures.
target: lighting. can you please share the source of the island and nook light fixtures. i appreciate it.
output: light fixtures. can you please share the source of the island and nook light fixtures. thank you.

input: we are considering floor to ceiling cabinetry, what type of look does that achieve?
target: floor to ceiling cabinets, achieves what time of look? we are considering floor to ceiling cabinetry, what type of look does that achieve? we were a bit hesitant with only 10 foot ceiling that floor to ceiling cabinetry would take away from the height of the room. perhaps a certain colors do better than others? looking forward to the responses!
output: what type of cabinetry is this? we are considering floor to ceiling cabinetry, what type of look does that achieve? thanks!

input: could you tell me the distance between the edge of the window seat and the edge of the island?
target: beautiful! could you tell me the distance between the edge of the window seat and the edge of the island? thank you!
output: dimensions of window seat and edge of window. could you tell me the distance between the edge of the window seat and the edge of the island? thank you!

input: is seems shorter than in many other photos which makes me wonder if this was to allow for more leg room ?
target: island apron and columns . love your work !! was wondering about the height of the island apron. is seems shorter than in many other photos which makes me wonder if this was to allow for more leg room ? also could you please tell me the dimensions of the columns. are they 3 1/2" or less. or more?? thank you so much !
output: is seems shorter than in many other photos which makes me wonder if this was to allow for more leg room? i'm guessing it is the same wall but i'm worried it will not pull out from the ceiling. thanks!

input: hi there what is the paint color of the island.
target: island color . hi there what is the paint color of the island. thank you
output: paint color. hi there what is the paint color of the island. thank you

input: what is the ceiling height in this kitchen?
target: ceiling height? what is the ceiling height in this kitchen? thanks!
output: ceiling. what is the ceiling height in this kitchen? thanks!

input: can you please give some information about the floor?
target: can you please give some information about the floor? what type of wood, stain etc? or is it prefinished?
output: can you provide details on the floor? is it wood or lvt? can you please give some information about the floor? is it wood or lvt?

input: can you tell me what kind of cabinets and the color?
target: love the cabinets . can you tell me what kind of cabinets and the color? love the colors in this room.
output: cabinets. can you tell me what kind of cabinets and the color? thank you!

input: what brand and model is it?
target: love the range! what brand and model is it? i am currently remodeling our kitchen and would love to know the brand and model of the range.
output: love the flooring! what brand and model is it? thank you!

input: who sang “tomorrow” ?
target: who sang “tomorrow” ? music. singers.
output: who sang“tomorrow”? music. i love this! thank you!

input: what type of counter is the center island made of?
target: counter material . what type of counter is the center island made of? looks like some natural grayish stone? thanks!
output: counter. what type of counter is the center island made of? thanks

input: what type of flooring is this?
target: flooring? what type of flooring is this? beautiful!
output: flooring. what type of flooring is this? thanks

input: do you recall the color?
target: cabinet color . looking for the perfect off.white for kitchen cabinets. this is a home run!! do you recall the color?
output: love the cabinets! do you recall the color? thank you!

input: island counter .
target: island counter . hi can you please tell me the thickness of the edge of the island top. two inches?
output: island counter. love the island counter. where can i get it? thanks.

input: hi, beautiful kitchen, can you please tell me the brand of the kitchen hood that what used??
target: kitchen hood? hi, beautiful kitchen, can you please tell me the brand of the kitchen hood that what used?? thank you!!
output: kitchen hood. hi, beautiful kitchen, can you please tell me the brand of the kitchen hood that what used? ? thank you!

input: what color is the grout?
target: color of grout please? i am looking for subway tile to go in my kitchen backsplash. what color is the grout? thanks pat vonah
output: color of grout? what color is the grout? thanks

input: what color is the grout?
target: color of grout please? i am looking for subway tile to go in my kitchen backsplash. what color is the grout? thanks pat vonah
output: color of grout? what color is the grout? thanks

input: what color is the grout?
target: color of grout please? i am looking for subway tile to go in my kitchen backsplash. what color is the grout? thanks pat vonah
output: color of grout? what color is the grout? thanks

input: are your counters soapstone on the perimeter and carrera marble on the island?
target: counters . are your counters soapstone on the perimeter and carrera marble on the island? do you like the integrated drain board? and, if marble on the island, is it honed?
output: counters. are your counters soapstone on the perimeter and carrera marble on the island? i'm trying to figure out if this is a good fit for my kitchen design.

input: can you tell me the dimensions of this room and island including the width of the opening into the living room?
target: room dimensions . lovely space! can you tell me the dimensions of this room and island including the width of the opening into the living room? is there another opening on the other side of the book shelf?
output: dimensions. can you tell me the dimensions of this room and island including the width of the opening into the living room? thank you!

input: love the square seated stools, where did you get those?
target: stools . love the square seated stools, where did you get those? thanks
output: stools. love the square seated stools, where did you get those? thanks

input: can you let me know the grout color here?
target: grout color . hello! can you let me know the grout color here? thanks
output: grout color. can you let me know the grout color here? thanks

input: of this vent hood?
target: vent hood . might you know the mfg. of this vent hood? thank you
output: vent hood. of this vent hood? where can i get it? thanks

input: can you give the details on the floor?
target: floors . can you give the details on the floor? thanks!
output: can you give the details on the floor? is it marble? what is the stain?

input: are you in a position to share kitchen floor plans or layouts?????
target: kitchen design . hello crisp architects, i have been searching though the hundreds of kitchen photos and everyone i like has been designed by you. are you in a position to share kitchen floor plans or layouts????? i would be extremely grateful for anyone information you could share on this kitchen design. many thanks
output: kitchen. this is a beautiful kitchen. are you in a position to share kitchen floor plans or layouts? ? ? ? i'm planning to do this in my new house.

input: or can i order these exact cabinets somewhere?
target: custom cabinets?? are they custom? or can i order these exact cabinets somewhere?
output: cabinets. i love this kitchen! or can i order these exact cabinets somewhere?

input: which ann sacks specifically?
target: backsplash please!!! which ann sacks specifically? color and shape? it’s perfect
output: this is a gorgeous kitchen! ! which ann sacks specifically? thank you!

input: what is the color for the white cabinets?
target: what is the color for the white cabinets? i love this kitchen! what is the color for the white cabinets? i love this kitchen!
output: what is the color for the white cabinets? i love this kitchen! what is the color for the white cabinets? thank you!

input: can you tell me who makes the backsplash?
target: who makes the backsplash please? i'm obsessed with this kitchen. it's beautiful! can you tell me who makes the backsplash?
output: backsplash. can you tell me who makes the backsplash? thanks

input: i am looking for something similar and when i clicked on the picture the tag did not bring up something similar.
target: pendants . where are these from? i am looking for something similar and when i clicked on the picture the tag did not bring up something similar.
output: i am looking for something similar and when i clicked on the picture the tag did not bring up something similar. i am am looking for something similar and when when i clicked on the picture the tag did not bring up something similar. thanks!

input: is it tiles looks like floor?.
target: i want to know the the floor? is it tiles looks like floor?. what is
output: is it tiles looks like floor? . i love the look you designed here. thanks.

input: what is the name of this granite?
target: granite color? what is the name of this granite? its beautiful!
output: granite color. what is the name of this granite? thank you

input: can you share the backspash info please.
target: backsplash . can you share the backspash info please. brand, who might carry it etc
output: backsplash. can you share the backspash info please. thanks!

input: where did you purchase the backsplash?
target: backsplash/hardware . where did you purchase the backsplash? what is the brand? what brand/color is the hardware?
output: where did you purchase the backsplash? love it! where did you purchase the backsplash? thanks!

input: where can i find it please?
target: looking for this light . i'm looking for this light as well. where can i find it please?
output: i love the chair. where can i find it please? thank you.

input: would you mind telling me the size of the island?
target: i love this kitchen! it is the inspiration for my kitchen reno! would you mind telling me the size of the island? also, where did you hide the oven? thanks.
output: size of the island? would you mind telling me the size of the island? thank you!

input: what type (manufacturer) of windows are those?
target: what type (manufacturer) of windows are those? i love those mid century type of windows. mind sharing any information on them. thank you.
output: what type(manufacturer) of windows are those? i love the windows. what type(manufacturer) of windows are those? thanks

input: would you mind sharing the details on them?
target: who makes the countertop stools? the countertop stools are very unique. would you mind sharing the details on them? thank you!
output: would you mind sharing the details on them? thanks. i'm in love with these!

input: what is the manufacturer/color?
target: blue cabinets . good morning, we are repainting our cabinets and love this color. what is the manufacturer/color? thank you!
output: love the backsplash! what is the manufacturer/color? thank you!

input: hi, would you be able to share the paint color of the cabinets?
target: paint color . hi, would you be able to share the paint color of the cabinets? thank you!
output: paint color. hi, would you be able to share the paint color of the cabinets? thank you!

input: no one seems to know name of this granite,can anyone help?
target: granite color pls . i've been looking for a year! no one seems to know name of this granite,can anyone help? many thanks
output: granite color. hello, i love this granite. no one seems to know name of this granite, can anyone help? thanks!

input: i have the same cook top and want to confirm how far out my cabinetmaker should extend the hood on each side.
target: will you kindly share the length/depth of the hood? i have the same cook top and want to confirm how far out my cabinetmaker should extend the hood on each side. many thanks!
output: what is the height of the hood? i have the same cook top and want to confirm how far out my cabinetmaker should extend the hood on each side. thanks

input: would you please share the ceiling height and type/ size of cabinet molding you used on this project?i am remodeling my kitchen.
target: lovely design! question on ceiling height . i just visited your website. beautiful work! would you please share the ceiling height and type/ size of cabinet molding you used on this project?i am remodeling my kitchen. it has 9 feet ceilings and am trying to fill the space without resorting to stacked cabinets. thank you!
output: this is a beautiful kitchen! would you please share the ceiling height and type/size of cabinet molding you used on this project? i am remodeling my kitchen. thank you.

input: could you please tell me how high the hood is from the range?
target: hood . could you please tell me how high the hood is from the range? thank you!
output: hood. could you please tell me how high the hood is from the range? thank you.

input: what is the countertop material?
target: what is the countertop material? thank you! what is the countertop material? thank you!
output: what is the countertop material? is that quartz? what is the countertop material?

input: also, just out of curiosity, what are the entire dimensions of the hood.not the wolf inset.
target: am building a similar hood. can you tell me the depth of the shelf? also, just out of curiosity, what are the entire dimensions of the hood.not the wolf inset. thanks
output: what are the dimensions of the hood? also, just out of curiosity, what are the entire dimensions of the hood. not the wolf inset. thanks

input: what material is the countertop .
target: what material is the countertop . quartz i assume brand/color? thanks
output: countertop. what material is the countertop. thank you.

input: what cabinet and drawer pulls were used?
target: what cabinet and drawer pulls were used? (brand and product name)? thanks
output: what cabinet and drawer pulls were used? i love this kitchen! what cabinet and drawer pulls were used?

input: and was it new construction or a remodel?
target: exterior? really like this house. did you guys design the outside too? and was it new construction or a remodel?
output: i love the cabinet door. what is the style of the cabinet doors? and was it new construction or a remodel?

input: can you please tell me what is the exact name of the stone on wall with floating shelves
target: counter walls . love this kitchen! can you please tell me what is the exact name of the stone on wall with floating shelves
output: stone. can you please tell me what is the exact name of the stone on wall with floating shelves

input: where might i find it please?
target: light fixture . love the light fixture over the island. where might i find it please?
output: light fixture. love the light fixture over the island. where might i find it please?

input: what else was done to support it (there looks to be some sort of frame underneath.
target: island peninsula . can you tell me about the construction to support the island peninsula. looks like there is a support post in the middle? what else was done to support it (there looks to be some sort of frame underneath. what are the dimensions of the cantilever? we are trying to figure out the best way to support 36" out from the cabinets and 48" wide. thanks!
output: what else was done to support it(there looks to be some sort of frame underneath. i love this!

input: would you mind sharing what colors you used for the walls and molding?
target: wall paint and moldings? this is perfect! would you mind sharing what colors you used for the walls and molding?
output: wall and moldings. would you mind sharing what colors you used for the walls and molding? thank you!

input: can you please tell me the color used in the concrete counter top on the island?
target: counter top question . thank you! hello . love your design! can you please tell me the color used in the concrete counter top on the island? love the color mix with the cabinets! thanks for your time and help!
output: can you please tell me the color used in the concrete counter top on the island? i have a kitchen that needs a bright green and i want to do it in my kitchen. thank you!

input: does sound bounce around a lot?
target: metal ceiling . i am considering standing seam metal to finish the inside of a cathedral ceiling but am concerned about noise and echo. is this kitchen noisy? does sound bounce around a lot?
output: how did sound echo? is it a single single single tube tube? does sound bounce around a lot? what is the measurement of echo.

input: who manufactures them?
target: floor to ceiling cabinets . i love the wall of cabinets. who manufactures them?
output: i love the chairs. who manufactures them? thanks

input: would appreciate any input about the size of this kitchen: length, width from wall behind the cabinets to edge of island, size of island etc.
target: this is such a contempo kitchen. any clues about the size? i have a 12' * 12' space next to the dining room that i am thinking of moving the kitchen to. would appreciate any input about the size of this kitchen: length, width from wall behind the cabinets to edge of island, size of island etc. thanks!
output: size of kitchen. would appreciate any input about the size of this kitchen: length, width from wall behind the cabinets to edge of island, size of island etc. thanks

input: do you mind sharing marble details please and where we could purchase?
target: backsplash marble . do you mind sharing marble details please and where we could purchase? lovely
output: marble details please and where could purchase? i have marble floors and counters that are beautiful. do you mind sharing marble details please and where we could purchase? thank you!

input: what is the gold lining on the perimeters of the backsplash of the medallion and where can i get it?
target: what is the gold lining on the perimeter of the medallion . what is the gold lining on the perimeters of the backsplash of the medallion and where can i get it? thank you
output: what is the gold lining on the perimeters of the medallion and where can i get it? thank you!

input: is the aged bronze black enough to go well with the black cabinets or are they dark brown?
target: black or dark brown cabinet pulls? this kitchen is absolutely amazing! the design and all the details are incredible. i’m in houston and would have loved to hire you guys if you were here instead!! and thanks for answering all the questions, it’s extremely helpful! i found the cabinet pulls at rejuvenation, thanks . but i see that they are aged bronze and gold, and not specifically black and gold. is the aged bronze black enough to go well with the black cabinets or are they dark brown? was there sometime in the past a black and gold elroy pull at rejuvenation? thank you so much!
output: black cabinets. is the aged bronze black enough to go well with the black cabinets or are they dark brown? i'm planning on doing a similar project but i'm worried it won't come out glossy.

input: can you please tell me the manufacturer of this tile used for backsplash?
target: backsplash tile . can you please tell me the manufacturer of this tile used for backsplash? love it. thanks.
output: backsplash. can you please tell me the manufacturer of this tile used for backsplash? thanks!

input: did you purchase it, or was it original to the house?
target: kitchen fan . really like the fan. did you purchase it, or was it original to the house?
output: kitchen remodel. this is a beautiful kitchen. did you purchase it, or was it original to the house? thank you!

input: are the walls and ceiling same color?
target: are the walls and ceiling same color? i would like to do more of a white on my main level and white backsplash with my more natural honey colored floor and cabinets. it looks like the walls and ceiling are the same color. are they both actually white?
output: walls and ceiling. are the walls and ceiling same color? thanks

input: can you please share brand and name of quartz counters?
target: quartz countertops . hello. can you please share brand and name of quartz counters?
output: quartz counters. can you please share brand and name of quartz counters? thank you!

input: however i have hale blue by benjamin moore for my bottom color and sadly it shows up more purple than blue!
target: what color are the lower cabinets? i am going for a similar style in my kitchen. however i have hale blue by benjamin moore for my bottom color and sadly it shows up more purple than blue! will you please share the color of these lower cabinets and any advise you might have?
output: what color is the bottom of the bottom and bottom of bottom? i am planning on going with white cabinets and i want to avoid the purple color. however i have hale blue by benjamin moore for my bottom color and sadly it shows up more purple than blue! thank you!

input: can you please tell me what kind of recessed lighting you used in this kitchen.
target: recessed lighting . this is a beautiful kitchen. can you please tell me what kind of recessed lighting you used in this kitchen. are the fixtures led? what size are they? are they warm or cool? is there under cabinet lighting? i'm just curious about how you choose to light your beautiful work. thank you.
output: recessed lighting. can you please tell me what kind of recessed lighting you used in this kitchen. thank you

input: who is the cabinet manufacturer?
target: cabinets . who is the cabinet manufacturer? lovely kitchen!!
output: cabinets. who is the cabinet manufacturer? what is the name of the kitchen?

input: would love to see more photos of the other side of the kitchen to get a feel for the overall size.
target: appliances . is the dishwasher to the left of the sink? what appliance is below the microwave? where is the fridge? would love to see more photos of the other side of the kitchen to get a feel for the overall size. love this!
output: what size is the kitchen? would love to see more photos of the other side of the kitchen to get a feel for the overall size. thanks

input: countertop brand and style?
target: countertop brand and style? love the whole look. please share countertop. what is it?
output: countertop brand and style? what is the style of the countertop? is it walnut?

input: can you please provide me with any details?
target: danielle . i love the pendant lights! can you please provide me with any details? gorgeous kitchen!!
output: i cannot find a way to get in in touch with someone. can you please provide me with any details? thank you.

input: what are the dimensions for this kitchen?
target: dimensions . what are the dimensions for this kitchen? it is beautiful!
output: what are the dimensions for this kitchen? i'm planning on a similar layout for my new house. i'm planning on doing something similar in our new home.

input: can you give me the details around the flooring?
target: floor . can you give me the details around the flooring? thanks!
output: can you give me the details around the flooring? is it wood or lvt? what is the stain?

input: would you please share how wide this kitchen and island is?
target: width . would you please share how wide this kitchen and island is? hoping to put narrow island in my 11 1/2 feet wide kitchen. yours looks stunning. thanks.
output: dimensions of this kitchen. would you please share how wide this kitchen and island is? thank you!

input: h i can you pls tell me the length of your overhang to accommodate stools, our counter is 36" high and we've been told everything from 12" is fine and there are those who regret doing less than 15" .
target: length of overhang for stools . h i can you pls tell me the length of your overhang to accommodate stools, our counter is 36" high and we've been told everything from 12" is fine and there are those who regret doing less than 15" . yours looks perfect . thanks in advance!
output: length of overhang for overhang. h i can you pls tell me the length of your overhang to accommodate stools, our counter is 36" high and there are those who regret doing less than 12" is fine and there are those who regret doing less than 12" is fine and there are those who regret doing less than do do. thanks!

input: could you tell me where the cabinet hardware is from or what style it is?
target: hardware . could you tell me where the cabinet hardware is from or what style it is? thanks !
output: cabinet hardware. could you tell me where the cabinet hardware is from or what style it is? thanks!

input: we are struggling with how to come up with a kitchen design for an 11.5 x 18.5 space.
target: dimensions of kitchen . can you tell me the dimensions of this kitchen? we are struggling with how to come up with a kitchen design for an 11.5 x 18.5 space. i am curious how big this kitchen is. thanks!
output: dimensions of kitchen. this is a beautiful kitchen. we are struggling with how to come up with a kitchen design for an 11.5 x 18.5 space.

input: i was wondering where the kitchen island is from.
target: hi,  i really like the kitchen you designed in the house in the hamptons. i was wondering where the kitchen island is from. thanks jennifer
output: where did you get the table? i was wondering where the kitchen island is from. thanks

input: i’m struggling to figure out where to go for something like this.
target: glass shelving . hi there! are the brass and glass shelves custom? if not, could you please share the source? if so, which discipline did you hire to make them? is it a metal smith.skilled handy man? i’m struggling to figure out where to go for something like this. thank you!
output: where did you get the table? i’m struggling to figure out where to go for something like this. thanks

input: is the white/cream part a decorative portion that comes with the cabinets or is it part of the hood?
target: type of hood . what type of hood is this? is the white/cream part a decorative portion that comes with the cabinets or is it part of the hood? is there a name for this hood? if it's part of the cabinet, what's the brand of the cabinet and what color/type is this?
output: is the white/cream part a decorative portion that comes with the cabinets or is it part of the hood? what is the name of this kitchen? is it the name of the hood?

input: hi, just wanting to check back on this.is the island a double ogee edge?
target: island edging . hi, just wanting to check back on this.is the island a double ogee edge? what would it be called if i wanted to describe it to my fabricator? thanks. beautiful!
output: island. hi, just wanting to check back on this. is the island a double ogee edge? thanks!

input: what is the ceiling height in this kitchen?
target: ceiling . what is the ceiling height in this kitchen? thank you.
output: what is the ceiling height in this kitchen? ceiling? what is the ceiling height in this kitchen?

input: if the island is 9' x 4'6", does that mean you used two slabs?
target: island top . if the island is 9' x 4'6", does that mean you used two slabs? looks like the edges are mitred. i've been told that you can't accomplish a 9' island and mitred edge with just one slab. any assistance you could provide would be great.thank you.
output: what is the thickness of the island? if the island is 9' x 4' 6" , does that mean you used two slabs? is it a 6' thick?

input: thanks what made you choose honed over shiny?
target: marble. thanks what made you choose honed over shiny? i just ordered slab for backsplash and island from calcutta and can't decide
output: marble. thanks what made you choose honed over shiny? thank you

input: what is the size of the island?
target: love everything. all white yet warm. what is the size of the island?
output: what is the size of the island? i love this kitchen! what is the size of the island? thank you!

input: would you please share source for pendant lights?
target: gorgeous! would you please share source for pendant lights? thanks!
output: pendant lights. would you please share source for pendant lights? thank you!

input: what make/style are cabinets?
target: cabinets . what make/style are cabinets? love the trim and smaller ones above. thanks!
output: cabinets. what make/style are cabinets? beautiful!

input: is is wood or tile?
target: kitchen flooring . this is beautiful . is is wood or tile?
output: flooring. is is wood or tile? what is the stain?

input: what is the length of the long cabinets?
target: cabinet sizes length . what is the length of the long cabinets? thanks!
output: what is the length of the long cabinets? i love the cabinets. what is the length of the long cabinets? thank you

input: what wood is the flooring?
target: what wood is the flooring? looks like oak? we are hoping to do clear stained doug fir ceiling beams and open shelving in the kitchen and having trouble picking out a hardwood floor.
output: what wood is the flooring? is it wood or engineered? what wood is the flooring?

input: suggestions for matching wall color in adjacent room?
target: what counter material/color? are all cabinets white t/o kitchen? beautiful work! additional pictures suggest some cabinets slightly gray (esp china cabinet pic) although it could be the lighting. are all cabinets white throughout the kitchen? suggestions for matching wall color in adjacent room?
output: what is the wall color? suggestions for matching wall color in adjacent room? thank you!

input: hi, can you please tell me the overall dimensions for this kitchen?
target: overall dimensions . hi, can you please tell me the overall dimensions for this kitchen? thanks!
output: dimensions. hi, can you please tell me the overall dimensions for this kitchen? thanks!

input: can you tell me if the beams are wrapped, and in what wood?
target: audrey . beams? can you tell me if the beams are wrapped, and in what wood?
output: what type of wood beams are? can you tell me if the beams are wrapped, and in what wood? what wood is it?

input: i love the outdoors brought to this area of the home, what was the length of the entire wall and approximate cost of windows.
target: windows cost . i love the outdoors brought to this area of the home, what was the length of the entire wall and approximate cost of windows. i like a bit of industrial or rustic are there other ways i can achieve this same look but with a lower cost. i imagine the cost of custom cut windows and framing is where the cost increased.
output: this is the most beautiful kitchen i have ever seen! i love the outdoors brought to this area of the home, what was the length of the entire wall and approximate cost of windows. thank you.

input: i see you mention maple islander when describing the color of the lower cabinets but is that the paint name and what company makes it please?
target: lower cabinet color . i see you mention maple islander when describing the color of the lower cabinets but is that the paint name and what company makes it please? thanks
output: what color is the cabinets? i see you mention maple islander when describing the color of the lower cabinets but is that the paint name and what company makes it please? thanks!

input: could you tell me the brand, sheen, color name ???
target: wall paint color . could you tell me the brand, sheen, color name ??? thanks
output: what brand is the flooring? could you tell me the brand, sheen, color name? ? ? thanks

input: what color did you use for cabinet and island?
target: colors . what color did you use for cabinet and island? what floors were used? thank you!
output: what color did you use for cabinet and island? i love this! what is the color of the cabinets and island? thank you!

input: where can i find them and what brand / color are they?
target: backsplash tiles . the backsplash tiles look great. where can i find them and what brand / color are they?
output: love the cabinets! where can i find them and what brand/color are they? thanks!

input: where did you find the lighting?
target: lighting . love the design. where did you find the lighting? i'm redoing my kitchen and it would be nice to have something other then recessed lighting. too boring.
output: lighting. where did you find the lighting? thanks

input: could you please tell me what type of countertops are in the photo?
target: what is the countertop material . could you please tell me what type of countertops are in the photo? thank you.
output: could you please tell me what type of countertops are in the photo? thank you. i have a similar range and am looking for something similar.

input: who's makes the door / drawer pulls
target: my new kitchen . love this kitchen! who's makes the door / drawer pulls
output: door/drawer pulls who's makes the door/drawer pulls

input: where did you fine the lights?
target: pendant lights . very pretty kitchen!!! where did you fine the lights?
output: lighting. where did you fine the lights? thanks

input: what material is that ?
target: vent hood ? what material is that ? wood ? what color ?
output: countertop. what material is that? thank you!

input: what is the make and color of this flooring please?
target: what is the make and color of this flooring please? i am currently trying to put in engineered wood and it will transition from travertine entrance . need best color to coordinate thanks
output: flooring. what is the make and color of this flooring please? thanks

input: do you have the plan for the island available?
target: gorgeous island! do you have the plan for the island available? thanks
output: do you have the plan for the island available? thank you! i have a similar plan and am trying to figure out how to do that in my new house.

input: what is the make and model of the wine cooler?
target: wine cooler? what is the make and model of the wine cooler? thanks in advance!
output: wine cooler. what is the make and model of the wine cooler? thanks

input: hello, can you tell me how much the island countertop hangs over the cabinets?
target: island countertop overhang . hello, can you tell me how much the island countertop hangs over the cabinets? and the cabinet posts? thanks!
output: island countertop. hello, can you tell me how much the island countertop hangs over the cabinets? thank you!

input: where is it from?
target: cutting board . love that cutting board! where is it from? stunning kitchen!
output: i love the flooring! where is it from? what is it?

input: we're looking for a walnut countertop and having a hard time finding a local source anywhere near westchester.
target: wooden countertop source . hi, can you please share your source for wooden countertops that are not butcher block? we're looking for a walnut countertop and having a hard time finding a local source anywhere near westchester. thanks!
output: walnut countertop. we're looking for a walnut countertop and having a hard time finding a local source anywhere near westchester. thanks

input: love these floors.wood , tile ?
target: love these floors.wood , tile ? where can i get? thanks.
output: love these floors. wood, tile? what is the color/stain? thanks

input: what is the white island counter material and color?
target: island countertop . beautiful kitchen. what is the white island counter material and color?
output: what is the white island counter material and color? thank you! what is the white island counter material and color? thank you!

input: can you provide the details for the range hood ?
target: i love the range hood. can you provide the brand/type? can you provide the details for the range hood ?
output: range hood. can you provide the details for the range hood? is it custom made? what is the finish?

input: could you please share the composition of the 3 cabinets above the fridge?
target: cabinets above fridge? hello, beautiful work! could you please share the composition of the 3 cabinets above the fridge? they pull the black island together with the white cabinets amazingly!
output: cabinets. could you please share the composition of the 3 cabinets above the fridge? thank you.

input: can you please tell me which white was used to paint them?
target: searching for the perfect whie paint forncacabinet color . love the ray undertones in the kitchen cabs. can you please tell me which white was used to paint them? thank you :)
output: what white white was used to paint the cabinets? cabinets? can you please tell me which white was used to paint them? thank you!

input: can you tell me what your backsplash is., cut, size stone etc.?
target: i love this kitchen . can you tell me what your backsplash is., cut, size stone etc.? thanks!
output: backsplash. can you tell me what your backsplash is. , cut, size stone etc. ? thanks!

input: where did u find it?
target: island cabinet . hi, i love the extra storage. i need it!!! where did u find it?
output: love the chair. where did u find it? thanks

input: could you please tell me the wall and trim colors?
target: wall and trim colors . could you please tell me the wall and trim colors? thank you!
output: wall and trim colors. could you please tell me the wall and trim colors? thank you!

input: could you please share with me where you bought your lights that hang over the island?
target: lighting . could you please share with me where you bought your lights that hang over the island? thanks you.
output: lighting. could you please share with me where you bought your lights that hang over the island? thank you!

input: also, what brand, style, size is prep sink in the island?
target: island detail . can you please tell me the size of island? also, what brand, style, size is prep sink in the island?
output: what is the island size? also, what brand, style, size is prep sink in the island? thank you!

input: what kind of can lights did you use?
target: what kind of can lights did you use? they look directional . adjusted to face directly downward? where did you find them? thanks.
output: what kind of can lights did you use? i have a similar ceiling and i want a similar ceiling and i'm trying to do something similar. this is a beautiful space!

input: is 1/16 too small grout spacing for 4 x 12 subway tiles ?
target: grout width . is 1/16 too small grout spacing for 4 x 12 subway tiles ? thank you
output: how wide is the grout? is 1/16 too small grout spacing for 4 x 12 subway tiles? what is the dimension of this tile?

input: how wide is the grout line between the marble subway tiles?
target: grout width and color . how wide is the grout line between the marble subway tiles? what color is the grout? do you find the honed surface very easily stained?
output: how wide is the grout line between the marble subway tiles? i have a question. what is the grout line?

input: would like to know the width at the bottom and then how much it bows in at the top.
target: would it be possible to share the dimensions of the hood? would like to know the width at the bottom and then how much it bows in at the top. also, the middle section that comes out more. thank you!
output: what is the width of the bottom of the bottom cabinet. would like to know the width at the bottom and then how much it bows in at the top. thanks

input: if so, by whom and is it wood or metal?
target: love this range hood! is the range hood custom made? if so, by whom and is it wood or metal? thank you!
output: is the countertop wood or metal? if so, by whom and is it wood or metal? thank you!

input: can you tell me what this tile is over the cooktop?
target: backsplash tile . can you tell me what this tile is over the cooktop? thanks!
output: can you tell me what this tile is over the cooktop? i love this tile. i'm trying to decide whether to use red oak or red oak.

input: what are the countertops made from?
target: countertops❤️ . what are the countertops made from? i love the white carrera marble look but with more durability.
output: what are the countertops? what are the countertops made from? thanks

input: curious where these at stools are from?
target: bar stools . hi there! curious where these at stools are from?
output: stools. curious where these at stools are from? thank you

input: what's the paint color of the island?
target: gorgeous! beautiful kitchen. what's the paint color of the island?
output: paint color. what's the paint color of the island? thanks

input: are the counters marble or quartz?
target: marble or quartz counters . hi, gorgeous kitchen ! are the counters marble or quartz? thanks so much
output: counters. are the counters marble or quartz? what color/stain?

input: may i ask what kind of tiles you used for backsplash?
target: backsplash tiles . i love your kitchen! may i ask what kind of tiles you used for backsplash? thanks.
output: backsplash. this is a beautiful kitchen! may i ask what kind of tiles you used for backsplash? thank you!

input: however i would like more information as to the color, model number, etc.
target: cabinet hardware . i know the cabinet hardware is by ashley norton. however i would like more information as to the color, model number, etc. i am not finding them on the ashley norton website. thank you for your help!
output: what color is the wall wall paint color? i am planning to install this wall in my new house. however i would like more information as to the color, model number, etc. thank you!

input: could you please provide more details on the stain color, brand, how many coats applied, etc., thanks!
target: cabinet stain . could you please provide more details on the stain color, brand, how many coats applied, etc., thanks! i am trying to match my original cabinets and this looks so close. appreciate the help.
output: floors. i love the floors! could you please provide more details on the stain color, brand, how many coats applied, etc. , thanks!

input: could you provide more information on the countertops?
target: could you provide more information on the countertops? i would like info on the countertops. type, manufacturer, color, etc. thankyou!
output: could you provide more information on the countertops? thank you. i have a client that wants this same look. thank you.

input: could you direct as to the name of it or where to find it?
target: love backsplash . i love the geometric backsplash. could you direct as to the name of it or where to find it? thank you :)
output: i love the island! could you direct as to the name of it or where to find it? thank you!

input: what is it please?
target: tile? cool tile. what is it please?
output: love the flooring! what is it please? thank you!

input: would like to update, what are these cabinets?
target: love cabinets, similar to my st. charles cabinets . would like to update, what are these cabinets? i just can't go back to wood.
output: i am planning to install a similar cabinet. would like to update, what are these cabinets? i have a similar cabinet and am trying to replicate it. thanks!

input: what type of range hood was specified for this project and what material and finish did you specify for the whitish box that covers the range hood?
target: range hood? very clean design, patrick! congrats too on your dwell/nest featured article. what type of range hood was specified for this project and what material and finish did you specify for the whitish box that covers the range hood? thanks!!
output: range hood. what type of range hood was specified for this project and what material and finish did you specify for the whitish box that covers the range hood? what type of range hood was specified for this project and what material and finish did you specify for the whitish box that covers the range hood? thanks!

input: i am contemplating moving my kitchen, are you comfortable sharing a ball park cost for this kitchen from design to tools down living in it?
target: ball park cost. i love the simplicity of your design. i am contemplating moving my kitchen, are you comfortable sharing a ball park cost for this kitchen from design to tools down living in it?
output: ball park cost. this is a beautiful kitchen! i am contemplating moving my kitchen, are you comfortable sharing a ball park cost for this kitchen from design to tools down living in it? thank you!

input: can you share where you got the stools?
target: stools . can you share where you got the stools? thank you!
output: stools. can you share where you got the stools? thank you!

input: what color and brand is the paint color?
target: cabinet paint color . what color and brand is the paint color? thanks!
output: paint color. what color and brand is the paint color? thank you

input: is it possible to get the floor plan for this house?
target: is it possible to get the floor plan for this house? and sq footage? i was wondering how big is the house?
output: is it possible to get the floor plan for this house? is it possible to get the floor plan for this house? is it possible to get the floor plan for this house?

input: i am in love with that grey you’ve used, it appears you have t throughout the house?
target: beautiful! what is the gray color used? i have taj mahal being installed in a month and am looking for an island color. i am in love with that grey you’ve used, it appears you have t throughout the house? would you mind sharing the particular brand and name of that beautiful grey? thank you in advance!
output: what is the grey colour used on the walls? i am in love with that grey you’ve used, it appears you have t throughout the house? thank you!

input: did you paint the ceiling or did the pressed tin come in that color?
target: white trim color? beautiful remodel! love the colors, so period. i read through every question and comment and checked the page. i see the cabinet and wall color but not the white trim. what did you use for the white trim? i am assuming the crown is the same as a the cabinet color. also, the ceiling is great. any advice here? did you paint the ceiling or did the pressed tin come in that color? computer screens are so tricky. thank you in advance, you do beautiful work!
output: ceiling. did you paint the ceiling or did the pressed tin come in that color? thank you!

input: could you please share any information on your windows?
target: where oh where did you get those windows? i am building a house to look like a hundred year old farmhouse and i really want that same pattern of caning. could you please share any information on your windows? thanks!
output: windows. could you please share any information on your windows? thanks!

input: after looking through the questions i was unable to find the name of the cabinet hardware and where it was sourced, especially the pull on the dishwasher.
target: what is the name of the cabinet hardware? after looking through the questions i was unable to find the name of the cabinet hardware and where it was sourced, especially the pull on the dishwasher. can i get the names of these? thank you for answering so many questions, help those of us building or remodeling.
output: what is the name of the cabinet hardware? after looking through the questions i was unable to find the name of the cabinet hardware and where it was sourced, especially the pull on the dishwasher. thanks!

input: would you mind sharing the window source/company and line for the "over the sink" windows?
target: diamond window source? hello, wonderful kitchen! would you mind sharing the window source/company and line for the "over the sink" windows? are they fixed with a check rail? transoms? and the cottage sash is perfect. chances are pretty good they are original to the house. but i had to ask. i am looking for this exact window. thanks so much.
output: window source? beautiful! would you mind sharing the window source/company and line for the" over the sink" windows? thanks!

input: two drawers under micro drawer…work well?
target: two drawers under micro drawer…work well? i see you put two drawers under the micro drawer. i am wanting to do that using same micro, but virtually no one else on houzz has done it! were the drawers nice and functional? not too shallow?
output: two drawers under micro drawer…work well? thank you. i have a great idea on this layout and it is my inspiration for my kitchen remodel.

input: what is the faucet finish?
target: faucet finish . the kitchen is beautiful! what is the faucet finish? it looks awesome with the stainless steel appliances and silver hardware. the mixture of metal finishes is perfect!
output: faucet finish. what is the faucet finish? thanks!

input: is that wallpaper on the ceiling?
target: ceiling! is that wallpaper on the ceiling? i love it! where did you get it? thanks a bunch!
output: is that wallpaper on the ceiling? what is the name of? what is the name of?

input: it looks as though it has a pattern, is it tin?
target: what surface was used on the ceiling? it looks as though it has a pattern, is it tin? thank you.
output: what is the pattern? it looks as though it has a pattern, is it tin? what is the pattern?

input: i just noticed what looks like a smaller stove with more storage draws underneath.
target: this has become one of my favourite kitchens ever! i just noticed what looks like a smaller stove with more storage draws underneath. am i right? what stove is this? such a beautiful room!
output: what is the storage stove below the stove? i just noticed what looks like a smaller stove with more storage draws underneath. thanks

input: can you please tell me where i might find the backsplash tiles?
target: backsplash . this is a beautiful kitchen! can you please tell me where i might find the backsplash tiles? also, the blue color paint? thank you!
output: backsplash. can you please tell me where i might find the backsplash tiles? thanks!

input: where are the door handles from or where can i find similar?
target: cabinet door handles . love the clean design of the kitchen cabinets and door handles. where are the door handles from or where can i find similar?
output: where are the door handles from or where can i find similar? love this kitchen! i love everything about it!

input: are they custom or available somewhere?
target: love the drawer dividers . where are they from? love the adjustable drawer dividers! are they custom or available somewhere? beautiful kitchen!
output: love the chairs. are they custom or available somewhere? thanks

input: where can i find them?
target: backsplash material? where to find? love the backsplash tiles . where can i find them?
output: love the chairs. where can i find them? thanks.

input: what type of wood and stain were used?
target: what color stain is on the floor? what type of wood and stain were used? thank you!
output: what type of wood and stain were used? it's beautiful! what type of wood and stain were used?

input: what is the length of the upper cabinetry and how high did you set them from the counter top?
target: upper cabinetry length . beautiful work!!! what is the length of the upper cabinetry and how high did you set them from the counter top? is this an 8' or 9' ceiling?
output: upper cabinetry length. what is the length of the upper cabinetry and how high did you set them from the counter top? thanks!

input: either way there was the skylights and a big window and a patio door, so i don’t see what has been games.
target: is there no longer a microwave? other than the above counter cabinets, i liked the old kitchen better. from my own cooking habits, i would’ve preferred to keep the peninsula as my island and have more walking space to move throughout the kitchen. either way there was the skylights and a big window and a patio door, so i don’t see what has been games. anyone else have thoughts about this?
output: what is the size of this kitchen? i love this! it’s beautiful! either way there there was the skylights and a big window and a patio door, so i don’t see what has been games. either way there was the skylights and a big window and a patio door, so i don’t see what has been games.

input: what brand and color is it?
target: i love the counter tops and backsplash! what brand and color is it? thank you so much!
output: love the flooring! what brand and color is it? thank you!

input: love the pendants cannot find it anywhere with the diamond motif chain like in this photo.
target: please tell me if the diamond chain on pendants came with them? i loo . love the pendants cannot find it anywhere with the diamond motif chain like in this photo.
output: love the pendants cannot find it anywhere with the diamond motif chain like in this photo. i would like to know if this pendant is a real chain like this. thank you!

input: spaghetti sauce splatters)?
target: beautiful kitchen. first and foremost, thank you for all the replies that you have posted to people's questions. regarding the lowes backsplash tile, do you think this type of tile would be prone to staining behind the stove (e.g. spaghetti sauce splatters)? thank you.
output: spaghetti sauce splatters) ? thank you!

input: what is the sink?
target: sink . i love this kitchen! what is the sink? could you share? and faucet?
output: sink. what is the sink? thanks

input: what color and brand are the cabinets?
target: cabinet color and brand . what color and brand are the cabinets? thanks!
output: what color and brand are the cabinets? i love this kitchen! what color and brand are the cabinets?

input: would you mind sharing the dimensions of the island and how much clearance there is around it?
target: dimensions of the island? would you mind sharing the dimensions of the island and how much clearance there is around it? thank you!
output: dimensions. beautiful kitchen! would you mind sharing the dimensions of the island and how much clearance there is around it? thanks!

input: what are the perimeter countertops made of?
target: what are the perimeter countertops made of? please . beautiful kitchen,
output: what are the perimeter countertops made of? i love this kitchen! what are the perimeter countertops made of?

input: would like to know.
target: would like to know. about the pendants? very nice!
output: i love the chairs. would like to know. thank you.

input: where did you buy your handles and knobs?
target: cabinet handles and pulls . i am doing a similar scheme in my kitchen, wood floors, painting oak cabinets white and looking for cool cabinet hardware. where did you buy your handles and knobs? thank you.
output: handles and knobs. where did you buy your handles and knobs? love them!

input: where can i find them?
target: lighting pendants . love those lights over the island. where can i find them?
output: love the chairs! where can i find them? thanks!

input: in uh.oh moment, did cabinets bleed to the floor or floor to cabinets?
target: in uh.oh moment, did cabinets bleed to the floor or floor to cabinets? we are getting ready to use rubio monocoat on wood floors with painted white cabinets and want to avoid an uh.oh moment! if you could please clarify what exactly happened, thanks!
output: in uh. oh moment, did cabinets bleed to the floor or floor to cabinets? i'm about to order this and i'm debating between a standard, , traditional, or mixed, mixed, or mixed, etc. thanks!

input: what is the island top material and color?
target: what is the island top material and color? marble? quartzite?
output: what is the island top material and color? thank you!

input: we like what you have here and want to make sure ours is big enough.
target: what is the length of the island and back counter? we are thinking about a similar layout but wondering about space. we like what you have here and want to make sure ours is big enough.
output: what is the length of the cabinets? we are building a new home and want to make sure ours is big enough. we like what you have here and want to make sure ours is big enough.

input: what species of wood and stain color?
target: flooring . nicely done! what species of wood and stain color? thanks!
output: floors? what species of wood and stain color? thanks

input: please tell me where you bought the unfinished wood bar stools .
target: wood bar stools . please tell me where you bought the unfinished wood bar stools . thanks
output: wood bar stools. please tell me where you bought the unfinished wood bar stools. thank you

input: what type of paint was used to refinish the cabinets after the problem was discovered?
target: beautiful kitchen. who refinished the cabinets? what type of paint was used to refinish the cabinets after the problem was discovered? thank you.
output: cabinet paint color. what type of paint was used to refinish the cabinets after the problem was discovered? thank you!

input: can you tell me the entire kitchen dimensions?
target: kitchen dimensions . beautiful work! can you tell me the entire kitchen dimensions?
output: dimensions. this is a beautiful kitchen. can you tell me the entire kitchen dimensions? thank you!

input: could you tell me where the stools are from?
target: stools . could you tell me where the stools are from? thank you.
output: stools. could you tell me where the stools are from? thank you!

input: are you able to tell me what style from heath this is?
target: backsplash tile . hello, i love your backsplash tile. are you able to tell me what style from heath this is? thank you!
output: what style is this kitchen? are you able to tell me what style from heath this is? thank you

input: could you provide some information on the cabinets used on this project?
target: cabinets . could you provide some information on the cabinets used on this project? thanks!
output: cabinets. could you provide some information on the cabinets used on this project? thank you!

input: hello, could you provide info on the wood/engineered flooring used on this project?
target: flooring . hello, could you provide info on the wood/engineered flooring used on this project? thanks!
output: flooring. hello, could you provide info on the wood/engineered flooring used on this project? it looks like it is a planking? what type of wood is it? thanks!

input: what brand and color paint?
target: what is the paint color? what brand and color paint? thank you!
output: cabinets. what brand and color paint? thanks

input: hi, could you please give some tips on installing ipe flooring?
target: ipe floor installation process . hi, could you please give some tips on installing ipe flooring? we are currently in the process of diy carpet to ipe flooring and would like to know if there's any tips you'd give prior to install. we are also considering hiring a professional installer but we haven't found any contractors with ipe floor experience.
output: ipe flooring. hi, could you please give some tips on installing ipe flooring? thank you!

input: where do you get this type of fireplace?
target: port ludlow house fireplace . where do you get this type of fireplace? what is it called?
output: fireplace. where do you get this type of fireplace? thank you.

input: additionally, would a flat roof keep the house hot in a caribbean climate?
target: sea blast . i'm looking into building a similar structure facing the sea but i'm worried about the effects of the sea blast on the metal parts of the house. additionally, would a flat roof keep the house hot in a caribbean climate? thank you.
output: ceiling and beams. this is a beautiful kitchen! i'm in love with this design! additionally, would a flat roof keep the house hot in a caribbean climate? thank you!

input: what are those metal strips with lights and something hanging down?
target: ceiling lights . what are those metal strips with lights and something hanging down? are those sprinkler's in the ceiling? thanks for answering my questions. this is my favorite house oh houz! beautiful!
output: what are those metal strips with lights and something hanging down? i love this kitchen! what are those metal strips with lights and something hanging down?

input: are the fiberglass or aluminum?
target: window maker . who makes these windows. are the fiberglass or aluminum?
output: window hardware. are the fiberglass or aluminum? what is the brand?

input: could you tell who the builder/architect is?
target: house plan . i love the style of your home. could you tell who the builder/architect is?
output: i love this kitchen! could you tell who the builder/architect is? thanks!

input: what kind of wood floor is this and what stain was used?
target: love the flooring! what kind of wood floor is this and what stain was used? thanks in advance.
output: floors. what kind of wood floor is this and what stain was used? thanks

input: hi, what is the size of the countertop and how much do you leave for legs to sit down?
target: what is the size of sitting area countertop? hi, what is the size of the countertop and how much do you leave for legs to sit down? thanks
output: what is the size of the countertop? hi, what is the size of the countertop and how much do you leave for legs to sit down? thanks.

input: what hood did you use and how deep is that upper cabinet?
target: range hood . i love this seamless look over the cooktop. what hood did you use and how deep is that upper cabinet? great work!
output: what hood did you use and how deep is that upper cabinet? thanks!

input: what type of wood and finish (stains) were used here?
target: belgrade (new model) rountrey . love the kitchen. i am interested in the flooring. what type of wood and finish (stains) were used here? thank you in advance.
output: what type of wood and finish(stains) were used here? i love this kitchen! what type of wood and finish(stains) were used here?

input: what color are the cabinets?
target: hi, love this kitchen! what color are the cabinets? thanks . donnakjohsnon@mac.com
output: what color are the cabinets? i'm trying to decide if which paint to go with with the cabinets or white cabinets. thanks!

input: may you provide the name of the colour used (not the island) but the more taupe brownish colour?
target: counter top . i am going to assume the counters are quarts? may you provide the name of the colour used (not the island) but the more taupe brownish colour? thank you.
output: island colour. may you provide the name of the colour used(not the island) but the more taupe brownish colour? thanks!

input: can you please share details about the countertop and flooring.
target: countertop and flooring . can you please share details about the countertop and flooring. i think they make a great combo with the white cabinets. thanks
output: countertop and flooring. can you please share details about the countertop and flooring. thank you

input: can you tell me the dimensions of the island?
target: size of the island? can you tell me the dimensions of the island? i love the seating space it creates!
output: dimensions. can you tell me the dimensions of the island? thanks!

input: for curiousity's sake: why do you have 3 sinks in the kitchen?
target: for curiousity's sake: why do you have 3 sinks in the kitchen? do the 3 sinks have a separate and distinct function? this is a beautiful kitchen, the finishes are beautiful.
output: for curiousity's sake: why do you have 3 sinks in the kitchen? i'm planning on doing a similar design but i'm worried it it won't win a pewter. for curiousity's sake: why do you have 3 sinks in the kitchen? thank you!

input: can you please tell me where i can find them?
target: backsplash . i love your backsplash! can you please tell me where i can find them? thanks!
output: pendants. can you please tell me where i can find them? thanks!

input: can you please share the details of the tile backsplash?
target: backsplash? can you please share the details of the tile backsplash? thank you
output: backsplash. can you please share the details of the tile backsplash? thank you!

input: since nobody has asked, what is the color of the countertop?
target: stunning! since nobody has asked, what is the color of the countertop? this whole house is stunning.
output: what is the color of the countertop? since nobody has asked, what is the color of the countertop? thank you!

input: can you tell me the species and mfg of this floor?
target: this kitchen is beautiful! floors please! can you tell me the species and mfg of this floor? i love how it goes with the cabinet colors!
output: floor. can you tell me the species and mfg of this floor? is it wood or fir?

input: can you please confirm the stain color and wood species .
target: stain color of island? and wood species? this kitchen is the inspiration for our kitchen remodel. can you please confirm the stain color and wood species . i saw walnut in the refrigerator picture? thank you in advance!
output: stain color. can you please confirm the stain color and wood species. thank you.

input: they look like a periwinkle/gray?
target: color of lower cabinets? they look like a periwinkle/gray? i'd love to know.
output: what color are the cabinets? they look like a periwinkle/gray? what color is the cabinets?

input: who makes the cabinet hardware/pulls?
target: cabinet pulls . who makes the cabinet hardware/pulls? very nice! thank you
output: cabinet pulls. who makes the cabinet hardware/pulls? where can i get it? thanks

input: what is the type of material for the kitchen counters?
target: kitchen counter stone. gorgeous kitchen!! what is the type of material for the kitchen counters? it looks different from the marble island. thank you!
output: kitchen counters. what is the type of material for the kitchen counters? thank you!

input: can't find a good brass fixture anywhere.
target: where are the pendants from? really like them . can't find a good brass fixture anywhere.
output: where can i find the brass fixture? i am looking for a way to replace the hanging ceiling. can't find a good brass fixture anywhere.

input: are the countertops mitered?
target: thickness? are the countertops mitered? what thickness? thanks again!
output: are the countertops mitered? what brand? what is the brand?

input: what stone and color?
target: counters . what stone and color? thanks!
output: what stone and color? love the floor! what stone and color?

input: i have looked everywhere and can’t find similar ones :(
target: where are these chair cushions from? thank you in advance! i have looked everywhere and can’t find similar ones :(
output: where did you get the table? i have looked everywhere and can’t find similar ones: (() ) )

input: do you know if these have the ratan/woven seat and if so how durable and supportive the seat is?
target: madeline counter stool ? i love the stools from restoration hardware. do you know if these have the ratan/woven seat and if so how durable and supportive the seat is?
output: what type of cushion is that? do you know if these have the ratan/woven seat and if so how durable and supportive the seat is? thanks!

input: we have 10' ceilings.also could you tell me the distance between the island and the bottom of the pendant?
target: pendant lights. this is beautiful! i have a 9' x 4' island .should i purchase 3 of the 15" pendants or the 11"? we have 10' ceilings.also could you tell me the distance between the island and the bottom of the pendant? love this height.thank you for your help!
output: ceiling. we have 10' ceilings. also could you tell me the distance between the island and the bottom of the pendant? thank you!

input: what size is the island?
target: island. love it! what size is the island?
output: what size is the island? what size is the island? thank you!

input: where are the cabinet pulls from?
target: love the kitchen! where are the cabinet pulls from? style # or name?
output: where are the cabinet pulls from? love the cabinets! where are the cabinet pulls from?

input: what kind/color are they?
target: great kitchen! love the floors . what kind/color are they?
output: cabinets. what kind/color are they? thanks

input: do you mind sending me the info?
target: backsplash . hi, i'm a designer andamp. i have a customer that wants this backsplash. do you mind sending me the info?
output: backsplash. i'm in love with this backsplash. do you mind sending me the info? thanks

input: which pendants and sconces are those?
target: which pendants and sconces are those? where did you get your lighting from? love your mix of sconces and pendants!
output: which pendants and sconces are those? love the pendants! which pendants and sconces are those? thank you!

input: can you give me details about your flooring?
target: flooring . can you give me details about your flooring? beautiful! interested in brand and type of wood
output: flooring. can you give me details about your flooring? thanks!

input: can you tell me where you found it?
target: where is the sink from? we have been looking for an apron sink with a back splash similar to this. can you tell me where you found it? thanks.
output: light fixture. i love this light fixture. can you tell me where you found it?

input: can you tell me the maker or retailer of the curtains?
target: can you tell me the maker or retailer of the curtains? curtains! perfect curtains! exactly the primitive style i have been looking for! the material used for window and under the sink space is exquisite. i hope you have an answer for me. thanks, thanks, thanks.
output: curtains curtains. can you tell me the maker or retailer of the curtains? thank you!

input: can you tell me the brand/color of flooring?
target: beautiful comfortable home. can you tell me about the flooring? can you tell me the brand/color of flooring? does it scratch easily? thanks!
output: flooring. can you tell me the brand/color of flooring? is it hardwood or engineered?

input: what is the paint color?
target: what is the paint color? thanks! paint color
output: paint color. what is the paint color? thanks

input: what species and stain, or if engineered name andamp.
target: beautiful flooring . what species and stain, or if engineered name andamp. manufacturer.
output: what species and stain, or if engineered name andamp. what species and stain? thanks

input: what type of wood did you use?
target: love the shelves . what type of wood did you use? thank you! love the shelves . what type of wood did you use? thank you!
output: what type of wood did you use? i have a similar flooring and want to do a similar color for my new kitchen. i have a similar flooring and want to do it in my new home.

input: do you know what company/style these pendants are?
target: brass pendants . do you know what company/style these pendants are? thanks so much!! love this kitchen!
output: pendants. do you know what company/style these pendants are? i love the pendants!

input: can you tell me what the color used on the island is?
target: paint color of island? can you tell me what the color used on the island is? lovely kitchen!
output: island color. can you tell me what the color used on the island is? thank you

input: this kitchen is just what i'm looking for.
target: is there a pantry? this kitchen is just what i'm looking for. just curious what they used as a pantry?
output: this kitchen is just what i'm looking for. i'm guessing this is the exact range hood you used in the dining room as well. i'm guessing it is the 6 inch range hood with the 24 inch? what is the length of the range? thanks!

input: could you please tell me the height of the solid part of the door and the size of the glass square?
target: i was wondering if you could tell me the height of the upper cabinets? they appear to be one cabinet door with a lit glass section on the top. could you please tell me the height of the solid part of the door and the size of the glass square? thanks so much! looks great!! i have limited ceiling height but love the look of the small square lit glass cabinets and i'm hoping this may work for me.
output: what is the height of the door? could you please tell me the height of the solid part of the door and the size of the glass square? thank you!

input: could you please share the color with me, and who makes it, please?
target: i love this cabinet color! could you please share the color with me, and who makes it, please? i think this cabinet color is beautiful! could you please share the color with me?
output: i love this! could you please share the color with me, and who makes it, please? thank you!

input: can you please tell me the name of the artist or where i might be able to find it.
target: love the large abstract art! where can i find it please? thanks . can you please tell me the name of the artist or where i might be able to find it. thanks
output: where did you get the painting? can you please tell me the name of the artist or where i might be able to find it. thanks

input: can you provide specific figures?
target: dimensions: wall and ceiling height . the dimensions of the wall and ceiling work really well in this space. open but cozy. can you provide specific figures?
output: i love the cabinet pulls. can you provide specific figures? thank you.

input: where did you switch from monroe bisque to bone white for wall colors?
target: transition paint colors . this is a beautiful home! where did you switch from monroe bisque to bone white for wall colors? and what about from white chocolate to white dove for trim colors? and why did you change it? the house looks amazing.trying to see how it is put together.
output: how did you switch the paint color to monroe bisque to white for trim colors? i love the white and white with the white trim. where did you switch from monroe bisque to bone white for wall colors?

input: can you tell me where they are from.
target: great chairs! can you tell me where they are from. thank you.
output: i love the pendant lights. can you tell me where they are from. thank you.

input: what type of wood is the floor (white oak?
target: woods . what type of wood is the floor (white oak? ), butcher block island top (walnut? ), and breakfast table made from? thanks!
output: what type of wood is the floor(white oak? what is the stain color) ) ? i love everything about this kitchen!

input: would you mind offering the make of the kitchen chandelier in your photo?
target: kitchen chandelier . would you mind offering the make of the kitchen chandelier in your photo? would be a great fit or my own kitchen. thank you in advance for your help. thank you, rr
output: kitchen chandelier. would you mind offering the make of the kitchen chandelier in your photo? thank you!

input: where can get them?
target: stools . where can get them? very nice
output: love the chairs. where can get them? thanks

input: what species is it and where could i find it.
target: flooring . love this flooring! what species is it and where could i find it. i would drive anywhere to pick this up!
output: what species is it and where could i find it. i love the wood! what species is it and where could i find it. thank you

input: can you share the backsplash tile and countertop details?
target: backsplash and countertop . love this kitchen design. can you share the backsplash tile and countertop details? thank you!
output: backsplash and countertop. can you share the backsplash tile and countertop details? thank you.

input: can you share the information on the perimeter countertop?
target: perimeter countertops. can you share the information on the perimeter countertop? thank you.
output: perimeter countertop. can you share the information on the perimeter countertop? thank you!

input: can you tell me the measurements/dimensions of this whole kitchen space?
target: kitchen measurements . beautiful layout. and very good use of space. can you tell me the measurements/dimensions of this whole kitchen space?
output: dimensions. can you tell me the measurements/dimensions of this whole kitchen space? thank you!

input: are those special doors or is this one of those take off the screens off the windows to make the pics look nicer than in reality deals?
target: does the fridge open pushed so far in? does the fridge open pushed so far in? are those special doors or is this one of those take off the screens off the windows to make the pics look nicer than in reality deals? hmmmmm?
output: are those special doors or is this one of those take off the screens off the windows to make the pics look nicer than in reality deals? i'm trying to figure out if this is a good idea for my kitchen design, but i'm not sure if i should stick to the traditional feel of the doors or do you have a nice feel to it. thank you!

input: would you please send details on the hood used?
target: kitchen hood used? hello, gorgeous kitchen! i love that you’ve been able to conceal the hood in such an interesting way. would you please send details on the hood used? thank you!
output: hood. would you please send details on the hood used? thank you!

input: i can’t tell but do you have handles on the lift doors?
target: hi, i love the cabinet set in handles. where are they from? i can’t tell but do you have handles on the lift doors? i love the fact that no handles seem to be sticking out except the fridge! i would like to create that in my kitchen but can’t seem to find a source for the hardware. thanks for any advice or leads! i love this kitchen!
output: handles. i can’t tell but do you have handles on the lift doors? i love this!

input: is there a seam in the island?
target: is there a seam in the island? is there a seam in the island? and if so where is the seem? how noticeable is it?
output: island. is there a seam in the island? if so, what is the depth?

input: are the upper cabinets each 12" or 14" tall?
target: distance between counter and wall cabinets . is it 24"? are the upper cabinets each 12" or 14" tall?
output: cabinets. are the upper cabinets each 12" or 14" tall? i'm trying to figure out if these cabinets are tall enough to hold up a full cabinet cabinet size.

input: i am looking to do something similar and wondering if a 2cm quartz would work?
target: quartz thickness . beautiful kitchen! is the quartz on the island 2cm or 3ccm thick. i am looking to do something similar and wondering if a 2cm quartz would work? smaller island though thanks in advance
output: what is the thickness of the quartz? i am looking to do something similar and wondering if a 2cm quartz would work? i am looking to do something similar and wondering if a 2cm quartz would work? thanks

input: where did you get the bar stools?
target: beautiful kitchen. where did you get the bar stools? thanks!
output: bar stools. where did you get the bar stools? thanks!

input: what are the island dimensions?
target: island and ceiling . what are the island dimensions? 9 ft.? 10 ft? and how high are the ceilings? thanks!
output: island. what are the island dimensions? thank you

input: where did you get the handles?
target: handles . hi, beautiful kitchen! where did you get the handles?
output: handles. where did you get the handles? love them!

input: what is the wood used for the cabinets?
target: cabinets . what is the wood used for the cabinets? do they have a stain on them as well? thanks!
output: cabinets. what is the wood used for the cabinets? thank you!

input: what is the grout colour used for the backsplash.
target: grout colour . what is the grout colour used for the backsplash. thanks
output: grout colour. what is the grout colour used for the backsplash. thanks

input: can you share where you found the backsplash?
target: herringbone pattern tile . can you share where you found the backsplash? thanks!
output: backsplash. can you share where you found the backsplash? thanks!

input: the shade of grey shown and style of furniture is perfect except my walls are square.
target: where can i find the nook chairs, tufted pillows and bench seating? i wish to do something similar with square seating in an adjacent kitchen area. the shade of grey shown and style of furniture is perfect except my walls are square.
output: what is the measurement of the square space on the island? the shade of grey shown and style of furniture is perfect except my walls are square.

input: can you tell me where the bar stools can be purchased?
target: bar stools . can you tell me where the bar stools can be purchased? thank you.
output: stools. can you tell me where the bar stools can be purchased? thank you

input: who makes the square light?
target: square light? who makes the square light? it's beautiful!
output: square light? who makes the square light? it's beautiful!

input: which paint did you use for the cabinets?
target: what color are used for the cabinets? thanks! which paint did you use for the cabinets?
output: cabinets. which paint did you use for the cabinets? thank you!

input: redoing my kitchen and i like this hardware, can you give me the info on it?
target: i am interested in the kitchrn hardware . redoing my kitchen and i like this hardware, can you give me the info on it? i'm having a very hard time deciding looking at samples on websites. this style is what i'm looking for and my cabinets are similar. appreciate your response. thank you!
output: what hardware did you use? redoing my kitchen and i like this hardware, can you give me the info on it? thanks!

input: can you tell me a little but about the countertops?
target: counter . love this kitchen. can you tell me a little but about the countertops?
output: can you tell me a little but about the countertops? i'm looking for a light cream countertop that will work in this kitchen. i'm guessing it's s. what is the name of the cream cream color.

input: does this kitchen have a dishwasher?
target: does this kitchen have a dishwasher? love the look of this kitchen. was there room for a dishwasher? thanks!
output: does this kitchen have a dishwasher? what is the name of this kitchen? what is the name of it?

input: can you please tell me the size of the kitchen?
target: size of the kitchen . i love how you used the space. can you please tell me the size of the kitchen? i'm about to deal with a small kitchen too and it will help me a lot. thank you!
output: size of this kitchen? can you please tell me the size of the kitchen? thanks.

input: what is the beautiful countertop?
target: what is the beautiful countertop? hi, i’d also love to know the name of the countertop material. this is such a beautiful kitchen!thank you.
output: what is the beautiful countertop? is that quartz? what is the beautiful countertop?

input: can you tell me where i can find the window treatment?
target: window treatment . beautiful kitchen. can you tell me where i can find the window treatment?
output: window treatment. can you tell me where i can find the window treatment? thanks

input: do you know the make of the stools?
target: where are the stools from? nice design! do you know the make of the stools? thanks!
output: stools. do you know the make of the stools? thank you!

input: can you share what brand/type/color it is?
target: backsplash tile . the backsplash tile is gorgeous! can you share what brand/type/color it is?
output: backsplash. can you share what brand/type/color it is? thanks

input: what is the wall colour used here and did you carry the same wall colour through the rest of that floor?
target: wall colour used in kitchen? this is beautiful! i'm thinking about doing retreat on our lower cabinets. we already have white dove on top. what is the wall colour used here and did you carry the same wall colour through the rest of that floor? thank you!
output: wall colour. what is the wall colour used here and did you carry the same wall colour through the rest of that floor? thank you!

input: what is the paint color used on these cabinets?
target: cabinet paint color . what is the paint color used on these cabinets? thank you
output: cabinet paint color. what is the paint color used on these cabinets? thank you!

input: what size is the island?
target: lovely kitchen! what size is the island? thank you.
output: what size is the island? what size is the island? thank you!

input: just wondering what the wall and ceiling color is ?
target: wall and ceiling color . just wondering what the wall and ceiling color is ? i also never saw an answer on the cabinet color. but i am assuming cloud white ? thank you much
output: what is the wall and ceiling color? just wondering what the wall and ceiling color is? thanks

input: what are the pendant lights over the island?
target: beautiful room! what are the pendant lights over the island? thanks!
output: what are the pendant lights over the island? i love this pendant. what are the pendant lights over the island?

input: where where the counter stools purchased?
target: where where the counter stools purchased? love them. where where the counter stools purchased. love them.
output: where where the counter stools purchased? love them! where where the counter stools purchased?

input: do they have a transformer or do they use regular 50 w halogens?
target: spotlights . what kind of spotlights are installed in the paneled ceiling? do they have a transformer or do they use regular 50 w halogens? we have similar ceiling and can't put spots with a hidden transformer since we don't have space in our ceiling. thanks.
output: halogens. do they have a transformer or do they use regular 50 w halogens? thanks!

input: do you have information about the flooring?
target: hello! do you have information about the flooring? company what it is color
output: flooring. do you have information about the flooring? what is the stain color? thanks

input: could you tell me the dimensions of the kitchen please?
target: kitchen size? could you tell me the dimensions of the kitchen please? i love the layout and am curious if we can do it in our kitchen as well
output: could you tell me the dimensions of the kitchen please? thank you! could you tell me the dimensions of the kitchen please? thank you!

input: what are the dimensions of the island?
target: what are the dimensions of the island? i would like to know the overall dimensions of the island including the seating at one end. how long and how wide is it over all?
output: what are the dimensions of the island? i love this! what are the dimensions of the island? thanks

input: what is the name of the countertops material?
target: what is the name of the countertops material? name of counter tops? granite or quartz?
output: what is the name of the countertops material? thank you! thank you!

input: how high is your base cabinet?
target: base cabinet height . i see that you did 42" upper, 12" glass top, 4" crown molding. how high is your base cabinet? if the base cabinet height is 36", that leaves 14" between the counter top and upper cabinet. i want do do a similar design but worried about having enough height.
output: ceiling. how high is your base cabinet? thanks!

input: can you give the manufacturer and color of the backsplash and grout color?
target: backsplash . can you give the manufacturer and color of the backsplash and grout color? thanks!
output: backsplash. can you give the manufacturer and color of the backsplash and grout color? thanks!

input: also how much soave you have between the island and the stove and the island and the side with the fridge.
target: island . would you mind sharing the size of this island. also how much soave you have between the island and the stove and the island and the side with the fridge. i'd greatly appreciate it!!
output: how much soave you have between the island and the stove and the island and the side with the fridge. i'm guessing this is the exact number you used on my new kitchen.

input: can you tell me what type of countertop is on the island?
target: countertop . the kitchen is beautiful. can you tell me what type of countertop is on the island? thank you!
output: can you tell me what type of countertop is on the island? thank you! can you tell me what type of countertop is on the island? thank you

input: can you please tell me the make/model (if possible) of the faucet and soap dispenser?
target: faucet . what a gorgeous kitchen!! can you please tell me the make/model (if possible) of the faucet and soap dispenser? is the soap dispenser a built in or one of those held down by weight? thank you!
output: faucet. can you please tell me the make/model(if possible) of the faucet and soap dispenser? thanks!

input: pendants?
target: very pretty! pendants? the island pendants are so pretty! please share the manufacturer, name/model, etc.
output: pendants? what brand? what brand?

input: please tell me what brand and style the 12''' top glass cabinets are .
target: please tell me what brand and style the 12''' top glass cabinets are . we have 9' ceilings and our designer is telling us that no one will make a 12'' cabinet with glass and grills ! we would like to do 36''cabinets with 12'' stacked on top . thank you
output: please tell me what brand and style the 12' ' ' top glass cabinets are. i love the feel of this. thanks!

input: are those spice drawers/cabinets and if so, can you tell me what kind or where i might find some like that?
target: spice drawers? looks like from this pic that there are long thin cabinets on either side of the range. are those spice drawers/cabinets and if so, can you tell me what kind or where i might find some like that?
output: spice drawers. are those spice drawers/cabinets and if so, can you tell me what kind or where i might find some like that? thank you!

input: where are they from?
target: love the pendants over the island. where are they from? i would so appreciate any source for those pendants thank you so much!
output: chandeliers. where are they from? chandeliers?

input: where are the countertops made and what is the color?
target: i love this whole kitchen! we having been using this kitchen as sort of a inspiration for our new kitchen. where are the countertops made and what is the color?
output: where are the countertops made and what is the color? i love this kitchen! thank you!

input: what’s the name and who makes it please
target: what is the cabinet color . love the cabinet color. what’s the name and who makes it please
output: what is the cabinet color. what’s the name and who makes it please

input: i purchased a sample of the backsplash from tilebar, but don't know how it will look with my sw alabaster cabinets.
target: perimeter cabinet paint color . what paint color are the white cabinets? i purchased a sample of the backsplash from tilebar, but don't know how it will look with my sw alabaster cabinets. thanks.
output: backsplash. i purchased a sample of the backsplash from tilebar, but don't know how it will look with my sw alabaster cabinets.

input: i would love to know if the hood in this project photo i ventilated through the roof?
target: need assistance with hood specs . i love your design! i am considering using this style hood from modernaire for my client's kitchen. i would love to know if the hood in this project photo i ventilated through the roof? or how? also at what height from the floor is this hood mounted? thanks so much!
output: i would love to know if the hood in this project photo i ventilated through the roof? i have a client that wants to do this in my house. thank you!

input: if so, would you share manufacturer?
target: is the range hood prefabricated. if so, would you share manufacturer? is it brushed stainless? thank you.
output: is the range hood custom made? if so, would you share manufacturer? thank you!

input: is it possible for us to sand the surface and use something different to protect and still maintain the matte finish that we like?
target: wondering what stain/seal was used on the island top. we just purchased a 9 x 4 ft butcher block top (dark roasted stain). the designer coated it with a boiled linseed oil, but every little scratch shows up. is it possible for us to sand the surface and use something different to protect and still maintain the matte finish that we like?
output: what is the finish on the cabinets? we are building a house and are planning to to use sand and matte finish. is it possible for us to sand the surface and use something different to protect and still maintain the matte finish that we like?

input: could you please tell me what type of wood the island top is made of?
target: island top . could you please tell me what type of wood the island top is made of? i am looking at heart pine but worried that it may have to much of an orange look. any input? in my eyes, this kitchen is perfect!
output: island top. could you please tell me what type of wood the island top is made of? thank you.

input: what are the dimensions of the kitchen island?
target: kitchen island . what are the dimensions of the kitchen island? thank you!
output: dimensions. what are the dimensions of the kitchen island? thanks!

input: are the pulls and knobs mixed metals?
target: are the pulls and knobs mixed metals? it appears that the sink wall are chrome/silver and island and other counters are mat brass. is that true? the kitchen is beautiful and looking to mix metals in my new kitchen. does it work?
output: pulls and knobs. are the pulls and knobs mixed metals? what color/stain is the wall?

input: are these the elegant "gordon" pendants?
target: pendants . are these the elegant "gordon" pendants? if they are, which size are they? love them. thanks!
output: pendants. are these the elegant" gordon" pendants? what are they?

input: could you tell me the room dimensions.
target: dimensions . could you tell me the room dimensions. it is a wonderful layout! thank you.
output: could you tell me the room dimensions. thank you. i have a great house and i want to do something similar in our new home. thank you.

input: how do the cabinets open?
target: cabinet question . how do the cabinets open? i don't see any hardware.
output: how do the cabinets open? i'm trying to figure out if this is a good idea for my kitchen design. i'm trying to figure out if this is a bad idea.

input: and what is the style?
target: love the range hood! where is it from? and what is the style? thanks
output: love the chairs! what is the style? and what is the style? thanks

input: are you able to share where did you get the pendant lights over the island from?
target: pendant lights . are you able to share where did you get the pendant lights over the island from? thank you
output: pendant lights. are you able to share where did you get the pendant lights over the island from? thank you!

input: can you please tell me what the name of it is and the material?
target: island marble? quartz? hi, i love the island material. can you please tell me what the name of it is and the material? thank you!
output: love the countertops. can you please tell me what the name of it is and the material? thanks

input: can you supply the model or item number of this hood
target: what is the item number for the hood . i have gone to fergusons web site but do not see the hood in this kitchen. can you supply the model or item number of this hood
output: hood. can you supply the model or item number of this hood

input: where is the back splash tile from?
target: where is the back splash tile from? beautiful compliment to floors. i have slate tiles in my kitchen which we kept during renovation. i am having a difficult time with finding the right back splash.
output: where is the back splash tile from? i love this kitchen! i'm in love with this!

input: could you please provide the brand and model # of the range hood?
target: could you please provide the brand and model # of the range hood? we are remodeling our kitchen and would like to incorporate a conceded in cabinet range hood with the ss edge detail exposed (as pictured). what type of hood was used here? thank you.
output: range hood. could you please provide the brand and model# of the range hood? thank you.

input: could you please share where you purchased the pendants?
target: pendant lighting . beautiful kitchen! could you please share where you purchased the pendants?
output: pendants. could you please share where you purchased the pendants? thank you!

input: did you make these or order them?
target: naked bulb lights . did you make these or order them? can you give me details? i need about 14 or so.
output: love the chairs. did you make these or order them? thanks

input: however i'm struggling with what sort of sofa to choose and i'd like to add some more warmth to the room.
target: imitation is the sincerest form of flattery! i love this kitchen and i'm trying to recreate it myself. however i'm struggling with what sort of sofa to choose and i'd like to add some more warmth to the room. do you have any suggestions of fabric of colour? thank you!
output: what is the width of the seating? this is a beautiful room. however i'm struggling with what sort of sofa to choose and i'd like to add some more warmth to the room. thanks

input: might we have permission to use the photo with the blog?
target: photo permission . hi there, i'm writing a blog on cabinet storage for woodiq.com. this is a great storage cabinet. might we have permission to use the photo with the blog? we would, of course, link back to your houzz site.
output: photo permission. hi there, i'm writing a blog on cabinet storage. i'm writing a blog on cabinet storage. might we have permission to use the photo with the blog?

input: however, they had to be screwed right into the cabinet doors and now i can't even find the 2 tier spice one.
target: is it adjustable? is there a wider holders.something that will hold objects larger than spice bottles? i am replacing a unit that i put together myself by buying off the shelf holders made of pvc. they had 2 sizes.1 that was a 2 tier great for spice bottles and another that was twice as wide. however, they had to be screwed right into the cabinet doors and now i can't even find the 2 tier spice one. also, i didn't like that they were not adjustable in height so there was some wasted space.
output: i am planning on hanging baskets on cabinets and have a dreamy kitchen. i'm planning on doing something similar in my kitchen. however, they had to be screwed right into the cabinet doors and now i can't even find the 2 tier spice one. thank you.

input: can you please share the cabinet hardware information, please.
target: beautiful kitchen . love everything about this kitchen. can you please share the cabinet hardware information, please. thank you.
output: cabinet hardware. can you please share the cabinet hardware information, please. thank you!

input: who makes the barstools?
target: barstools . lovely design. who makes the barstools?
output: who makes the barstools? who makes the barstools? they look great!

input: could you please give me info on the countertop material?
target: beautiful space. could you please give me info on the countertop material? thanks!
output: could you please give me info on the countertop material? thank you! thank you.

input: can you tell me where you found the pendant lights hanging over the island?
target: pendant lights . can you tell me where you found the pendant lights hanging over the island? thank you!
output: pendant lights. can you tell me where you found the pendant lights hanging over the island? thank you

input: if not would you pls share the manufacturer name?
target: beautiful cabinets . are these kitchen cabinets custom? if not would you pls share the manufacturer name?
output: beautiful cabinets. are those double doors that hold the heat inside the cabinets? if not would you pls share the manufacturer name? thank you!

input: what type of shaker cabinets are used?
target: what type of shaker cabinets are used? beautiful. thanks!
output: what type of shaker cabinets are used? what is the brand and what color? thanks!

input: may i please know where to purchase these knobs and pulls?
target: knobs and pulls . may i please know where to purchase these knobs and pulls? your design is beautiful.
output: knobs and pulls. may i please know where to purchase these knobs and pulls? thank you!

input: where is this cabinet hardware from?
target: cabinet hardware. where is this cabinet hardware from? i'd love to find it for a project i'm working on. thanks!
output: where is this cabinet hardware from? love it! love it!

input: what wallpaper did you use for the back of the bookshelves?
target: wallpaper . what wallpaper did you use for the back of the bookshelves? thanks so much.
output: what wallpaper did you use for the back of the bookshelves? i'm about to order this and i'm debating between a traditional or a traditional style.

input: can i have a picture of the sides!
target: can i have a picture of the sides! love this island . i need to see the side of this !
output: can i have a picture of the sides! please tell me the dimensions of this island. it looks like 3x6.5" x 4" ? thanks!

input: what kind of countertop is that?
target: countertops! what kind of countertop is that? i love it and need it. thanks!
output: what kind of countertop is that? is it granite or quartz? what color is it?

input: knowing the length of each wall where the sink and dish washer is and the wall with the stove would really help.
target: what is the actual size of the kitchen. it would really help if i had the dimension of this room as this is a great layout and one i would consider for my remodel. knowing the length of each wall where the sink and dish washer is and the wall with the stove would really help. thanks
output: what is the size of this kitchen? this is a beautiful kitchen! knowing the length of each wall where the sink and dish washer is and the wall with the stove would really help. thanks

input: my concern however is the distance between the stove and sink.
target: distance between sink and stove? where is the fridge? thanks . this is exactly the design i am thinking of as i remodel my kitchen. my concern however is the distance between the stove and sink. ( for me it would be about 6ft) the area would also be a walkway into the dining room. as well, does the island interfere with the walk space? hard to tell from this angle/ finally where is the fridge???? many, many thanks.
output: distance between sink and stove. what is the distance between the stove and sink. i am planning on doing this in our new home. thank you!

input: range hood?
target: range hood? i'm sure it's custom. love it!
output: range hood? looks like a door with hood. looks like it's a door.

input: what's paint used on the walls?
target: wall color . what's paint used on the walls? it's perfect.
output: what's paint used on the walls? i love this!

input: what is your opinion of them for people who really like to cook and aren't just buying one for looks?
target: you use a lot of lacanche ranges in your designs. are they good ranges . i'm considering a lacanche, but there are no showrooms in the bay area. i'm reluctant as i have absolutely no idea if they are well.functioning ranges. i'm assuming that the functionality is similar to a lacornue. while i love the look of them, the functionality is equally important. what is your opinion of them for people who really like to cook and aren't just buying one for looks?
output: what is your opinion of them for people who really like to cook and aren't buying one for looks? i'm curious as to how much the bill is in the total area? thanks!

input: i notice that you use a lot of white colored what i assume to be engineered stone.
target: what type of countertop do you use in your projects? color and brand? i notice that you use a lot of white colored what i assume to be engineered stone. which brand do you like best and what color? i absolutely adore your design aesthetic.
output: what type of countertop? i notice that you use a lot of white colored what i assume to be engineered stone. what is the color?

input: what kind of wood and stain are the cabinets?
target: what kind of wood and stain are the cabinets? this is such a classy kitchen! just beautiful!
output: what kind of wood and stain are the cabinets? i love this kitchen!

input: i love the backsplash, can you tell me the name of it?
target: building our home . i love the backsplash, can you tell me the name of it? thank you
output: i love the backsplash, can you tell me the name of it? thanks!

input: can the island be purchased as is anywhere?
target: kitchen island . can the island be purchased as is anywhere? and what is the price and it's dimensions?
output: can the island be purchased as is anywhere? i love this kitchen! thank you!

input: what color soapstone is it?
target: counters are beautiful. what color soapstone is it? was it sealed?
output: what color soapstone is it? i love the soapstone. what color soapstone is it?

input: can you tell me where they are hidden?
target: electric outlets? i love this kitchen but don't see any of the required electric outlets. can you tell me where they are hidden? thanks.
output: pendants. can you tell me where they are hidden? thanks!

input: would you share information about the hood?
target: what is the hood made of? would you share information about the hood? thanks!
output: would you share information about the hood? is it custom made? thanks

input: are the cabinets custom built?
target: are the cabinets custom built? i love this kitchen very much but am unable to find cabinets like this. are they custom made . if not, who is the maker?
output: cabinets. are the cabinets custom built? what is the brand?

input: could i have the color of the cabinets please?
target: could i have the color of the cabinets please? amazing kitchen!!!! could i have the color of the cabinets please? amazing kitchen!!!
output: could i have the color of the cabinets please? i need to know the color of cabinets and the bottom of the cabinets. thank you!

input: would you please let me know who makes or sells it?
target: love the backsplash! would you please let me know who makes or sells it? thank you. this is the best kitchen ever!
output: i love the cabinetry. would you please let me know who makes or sells it? thank you!

input: are you able to tell me the depth of the baking area, including base cabinets.
target: kitchen baking station . are you able to tell me the depth of the baking area, including base cabinets. thank you.
output: what is the depth of the baking area? are you able to tell me the depth of the baking area, including base cabinets. thank you!

input: what are these counter tops?
target: counter tops . what are these counter tops? what is the brand please? this kitchen is gorgeous!
output: counter tops. what are these counter tops? thanks

input: what are the measurements and if possible, the brand.thanks!
target: double sink . i am remodeling my kitchen and will have limited counter space. this double sink seems to be the perfect size i am looking for. what are the measurements and if possible, the brand.thanks!
output: what are the measurements and if possible, the brand. thanks! this is my inspiration! what are the measurements and if possible, the brand. thanks!

input: what type of floor is this?
target: floor . what type of floor is this? is it engineered?
output: what type of floor is this? is it wood or l. what is the stain?

input: what paint color was used for the cabinets?
target: cabinet color . what paint color was used for the cabinets? looks great with the gold accents!
output: cabinets. what paint color was used for the cabinets? thank you

input: can you give me information on the stools.
target: counter stools . can you give me information on the stools. thanks.
output: stools. can you give me information on the stools. thank you

input: where is this door from?
target: lovely! where is this door from? where is this door from?
output: where is this door from? love it! love it!

input: can you tell me if your kitchen and prep faucets are the same size and where did you purchase?
target: brass/ gold kitchen and prep faucets . can you tell me if your kitchen and prep faucets are the same size and where did you purchase? i'm have trouble finding matching kitchen andamp. prep faucets in gold tones.
output: kitchen and prep faucets. can you tell me if your kitchen and prep faucets are the same size and where did you purchase? thank you!

input: is this floor pre finished oak?
target: floors? is this floor pre finished oak? or hickory?
output: floor. is this floor pre finished oak? what is the stain color?

input: i may be missing the obvious but can you tell me the style of wood mode cabinet?
target: cabinet style? hello. my wife is in love with this kitchen! i may be missing the obvious but can you tell me the style of wood mode cabinet?
output: cabinetry. i may be missing the obvious but can you tell me the style of wood mode cabinet? thank you!

input: island electric outlet .
target: island electric outlet . slightly random question, but was there a special way you inset the electric outlet on the side of the island. it blends in so much nicer then the type outlet plate. thanks!
output: island electric outlet. i love the pendants on the island. where can i buy them?

input: is it the same as the backsplash?
target: love the island top. what is it? is it the same as the backsplash?
output: backsplash. is it the same as the backsplash? what is the name?

input: i was told that pure white has blue undertones but i don't see any when i sample on my walls.
target: undertones . i was told that pure white has blue undertones but i don't see any when i sample on my walls. have you had any issues with pure white? i'm having my kitchen cabinets painted that color.
output: what is the color of the walls and walls? i was told that pure white has blue undertones but i don't see any when i sample on my walls.

input: are the cabinets made of mdf.if not what is the material please.
target: cabinet material . are the cabinets made of mdf.if not what is the material please. thank u in advance
output: cabinets. are the cabinets made of mdf. if not what is the material please. thanks

input: do you happen to know if the frame or cabinet door has a bead?
target: beautiful! i see that the cabinets are custom. do you happen to know if the frame or cabinet door has a bead? i don't think so, but it's hard to tell for sure.
output: cabinet door. do you happen to know if the frame or cabinet door has a bead? thanks!

input: my cabinet maker made me a sample door but i want it to look exactly like these and these seem a bit wider?
target: gorgeous work! love the cabinet style . this kitchen is my inspiration. could you please tell me the width of the stiles? my cabinet maker made me a sample door but i want it to look exactly like these and these seem a bit wider? thanks so much!
output: what are the dimensions of this pantry? my cabinet maker made me a sample door but i want it to look exactly like these and these seem a bit wider? what is the dimension? thanks!

input: are these insert cabinets or shaker?
target: cabinets? are these insert cabinets or shaker? thanks. lovely kitchen
output: cabinets. are these insert cabinets or shaker? what is the material?

input: what else is here besides the faucet.
target: what else is here besides the faucet. soap dispenser, sprayer,. is there also a water purifier?
output: what else is here besides the faucet. i love the brass on the cabinets. where can i get it?

input: are the counter tops granite?
target: simply beautiful! are the counter tops granite? soapstone? thanks.
output: are the counter tops granite? what is the name of the island? i love this kitchen!

input: size is the silver fruit bowl?
target: silver/pewter bowls? what brand andamp. size is the silver fruit bowl?
output: silver fruit bowl size? what is the size of the silver fruit bowl? thank you.

input: where is it from?
target: flooring . we have white cabinets and black granite countertops but hate our light hickory flooring and would like to change to a darker wood. love this flooring! where is it from? thanks!
output: i love the flooring! where is it from? what is it?

input: can you please tell me the wall color.
target: wall color . beautiful room . can you please tell me the wall color. looks great with the pure white. thanks!
output: wall color. can you please tell me the wall color. thank you.

input: any hidden pantry door advice you’d give to a homeowner that is interested incorporating a feature like this?
target: hidden pantry door advice . any hidden pantry door advice you’d give to a homeowner that is interested incorporating a feature like this? we don’t have a custom cabinet maker here in austin tx we are working with.looking to go with cabico out of canada and they said they can accomplish. anything you did different to share?
output: any hidden pantry door advice that is interested incorporating a feature like this? i love this kitchen! thank you!

input: can you share for details in the cabinets?
target: i love this kitchen! can you share for details in the cabinets? are the cabinets custom?
output: cabinets. can you share for details in the cabinets? thank you!

input: could you please tell me the name of the countertops?
target: countertops . this is probably the most beautiful kitchen i have ever seen on houzz! i am not exaggerating. the way you used so many different elements cohesively is, simply put, art. bravo! could you please tell me the name of the countertops?
output: could you please tell me the name of the countertops? thank you! thank you.

input: what is the material of the cabinets?
target: black cabinets . what is the material of the cabinets? are they stained or painted?
output: what is the material of the cabinets? i love this kitchen! what is the material of the cabinets?

input: how did you design the lower corner in that same area?
target: how did you design the lower corner in that same area? i like the look of the lower cabinets and countertop too in that area as you don’t have a corner cabinet. how was that designed? thank you
output: how did you design the lower corner in that same area? is it a 36" glass area? how did you design the lower corner in that same area?

input: are subway tiles ceramic or marble?
target: beautiful backsplash. are subway tiles ceramic or marble? thanks
output: backsplash. are subway tiles ceramic or marble? what is the material?

input: how are the two meeting in the corner, i can't really tell.
target: corner units . i am also trying to put open shelves on one side of the corner and cabinets on the other side. how is this constructed in your design? how are the two meeting in the corner, i can't really tell. thanks :)
output: corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner corner

input: the stove looks like a flat top, is it electric?
target: stove . the stove looks like a flat top, is it electric? what brand is it? thank you
output: stove. the stove looks like a flat top, is it electric? what is the brand?

input: need advice on what to paint a kitchen dining set(wood).
target: wood furniture paint . need advice on what to paint a kitchen dining set(wood). and what type of paint.
output: need advice on what to paint a kitchen dining set(wood) . i have a customer that wants a kitchen design and this is my inspiration. i have a client that wants a similar look.

input: could you tell me the colour of the paint behind the shelves please?
target: requesting paint colour. will be restyling the kitchen in a house we've bought on the coast and plan to move into in a few months.want to do open shelving just like yours in the picture. could you tell me the colour of the paint behind the shelves please?
output: could you tell me the colour of the paint behind the shelves please? thank you. could you tell me the colour of the paint behind the shelves please? thank you.

input: i would appreciate guidance on where to find this tile.
target: love the backsplash tile. what is the brand/colour? i would appreciate guidance on where to find this tile.
output: tile. i would appreciate guidance on where to find this tile. love it!

input: please, what is the type and brand name of material of the counter used?
target: what is the material of counter? please, what is the type and brand name of material of the counter used? it is beautiful!
output: love the countertop! please, what is the type and brand name of material of the counter used? thank you!

input: are the appliances used in the drawers (outlets in the drawers)?
target: electrical outlets? around the sink area there does not appear to be electrical outlets. are the appliances used in the drawers (outlets in the drawers)? i’m trying to figure this out in my own project. the outlets and cords should be low, near counter top, no?
output: are the appliances used in the drawers(outlets in the drawers) ? i'm trying to figure out if this pantry is a good idea. what is the size of the pantry?

input: can't find any info anywhere about whether we can use glass to protect it.
target: can we cover an onyx countertop with glass to protect it? help! we want to install a honey onyx countertop on our kitchen island. approx 4 x 8 in size, no cutouts. the onxy supplier is strongly cautioning us against using onyx in this application. even when sealed it stains, scratches, etc. can't find any info anywhere about whether we can use glass to protect it. seems like a simple fix but i'm suspicious because we can't find that as a solution.
output: can we protect the kitchen cabinets. can't find any info anywhere about whether we can use glass to protect it. thanks

input: is the island a quartzite?
target: counter material . please share the counter materials used. is the island a quartzite?
output: island. is the island a quartzite? what is the name of it?

input: where is it from?
target: like the backsplash tile very much. where is it from? what style?
output: i love the flooring! where is it from? what is it?

input: is it called an apron sink?
target: love the sink! where can i get in? is it called an apron sink?
output: is it called an apron sink? what is the name of this sink? it looks like it's a sink.

input: can you provide any info on the barstools?
target: barstools . what an inviting room! can you provide any info on the barstools?
output: barstools. can you provide any info on the barstools? thanks!

input: can you describe the colors, perhaps give the make/color?
target: bachsplash . the back splash is stunning. can you describe the colors, perhaps give the make/color?
output: cabinet color. can you describe the colors, perhaps give the make/color? thank you!

input: can you please tell me where i can find this style stool?
target: stool in this picture? can you please tell me where i can find this style stool? thanks!
output: stool. can you please tell me where i can find this style stool? thank you.

input: just wondering what the countertop is?
target: what is the countertop? just wondering what the countertop is? thank you!
output: what is the countertop? just wondering what the countertop is? thank you!

input: travertine or marble?
target: backsplash?? any idea? travertine or marble?
output: backsplash? travertine or marble? what is the name of?

input: would you please share the name of these materials?
target: i love the countertop and the color of the cabinets. would you please share the name of these materials? thanks.
output: floors. would you please share the name of these materials? thanks!

input: what is the paint color for the cream cabinets??
target: what is the paint color for the cream cabinets?? what was used for the countertops?? gorgeous kitchen!
output: what is the paint color for the cream cabinets? ? what is the paint color for the cream cabinets? ?

input: can you tell me the cabinet line used to make the peninsula glass cabinets?
target: peninsula glass cabinets . can you tell me the cabinet line used to make the peninsula glass cabinets? specifically i love the 3 sides of glass at end of peninsula. thanks
output: what is the cabinet line? can you tell me the cabinet line used to make the peninsula glass cabinets? thank you

input: who did you source for the window coverings?
target: breezy brentwood . hi jill, continue to think this a terrific design. who did you source for the window coverings?
output: window coverings. who did you source for the window coverings? thanks!

input: how significant is the contribution of knobs to this design?
target: how significant is the contribution of knobs to this design? love, love, love this kitchen andamp. family room. building a home with similar cabinet color with a light granite and an island with black granite. trying to decided if i should deviate from the mostly nickel/silver/pewter knob options and go with something bronze as you did.
output: how significant is the contribution of knobs to this design? i have been looking for a way to achieve this. i have been looking for one. i have been looking for one. thank you!

input: is the caesarstone honed also?
target: caesar stone . hi jill, i love this room and all your work. is the caesarstone honed also? thanks!
output: caesar stone. is the caesarstone honed also? what is the name?

input: would you mind telling me how wide the pulls are?
target: pulls . would you mind telling me how wide the pulls are? these are so proportionally great looking!
output: pulls. would you mind telling me how wide the pulls are? thanks!

input: ive shown everyone whose re doing their kitchen this site, the same question comes up.does the island scratches show?
target: kitchen island wow . ive shown everyone whose re doing their kitchen this site, the same question comes up.does the island scratches show? is it better to go honed black granite or put a finish on it. just love your work.
output: kitchen island. ive shown everyone whose re doing their kitchen this site, the same question comes up. does the island scratches show? is it a double hung or a 6" ? what is the length of the island?

input: what are the white countertops made of?
target: white countertops . what are the white countertops made of? excellent job!
output: what are the white countertops made of? what is the name of them? thanks

input: would really appreciate it
target: beautiful lights on the island. please share the details. would really appreciate it
output: i would love to know the backsplash. thanks.

input: how should you maintain this type of granite?
target: gorgeous kitchen. love the island countertop! how should you maintain this type of granite? thanks so much for your time.
output: how should you maintain this type of granite? i need to do a similar look in my kitchen. i want to do this same look in my kitchen. thank you!

input: what are the countertops?
target: what are the countertops? thank you! countertops?
output: what are the countertops? i love this kitchen! what are the countertops?

input: how did you cover the range hood?
target: beautiful kitchen. how did you cover the range hood? painted wood?
output: how did you cover the range hood? is it custom made? how did you cover the range hood? is it wood or fiberglass?

input: could you please advise.
target: fantastic flooring. could you please advise. excellent complement.
output: could you please advise. thank you. i have a client that wants this same layout. thank you.

input: could you please tell me the color of the cabinets?
target: cabinet color . could you please tell me the color of the cabinets? they are just what i am looking for!
output: could you please tell me the color of the cabinets? thank you!

input: could you please share the paint color used on the cabinets?
target: paint color . could you please share the paint color used on the cabinets? it's lovely!
output: paint color. could you please share the paint color used on the cabinets? thank you!

input: as to why this designer post pics of there work and than,refuse to respond to questions that you post?
target: any specific reason. as to why this designer post pics of there work and than,refuse to respond to questions that you post? so unprofessional don't you think?
output: who is the manufacturer of the range hood? as to why this designer post pics of there work and than, refuse to respond to questions that you post? i'm sorry to bother you.

input: what are the cabinet and wall colors?
target: colors? what are the cabinet and wall colors? please?
output: what are the cabinet and wall colors? i love this kitchen! what are the cabinet and wall colors?

input: can you tell me where you found the shelving on the back wall?
target: adore your design!! awesome . can you tell me where you found the shelving on the back wall?
output: where did you find the shelving? i'm building a new home and would love to do something similar. can you tell me where you found the shelving on the back wall? thanks!

input: what is the paint color of the cabinets?
target: paint color and countertop . what is the paint color of the cabinets? what type of countertop?
output: paint color. what is the paint color of the cabinets? thank you

input: could you please tell me what the paint color of the wall and cabinets?
target: wall and cabinet paint colors? hi there! could you please tell me what the paint color of the wall and cabinets?
output: paint color. could you please tell me what the paint color of the wall and cabinets? thank you!

input: what a beautiful glass window!
target: what a beautiful glass window! i would like to know more about the artist and his work! oh, my husband and sons would love this. well, really, so would i!!
output: what a beautiful glass window! i would love to know more about the artist and his work! thank you!

input: how are they finished?
target: beautiful cabinets. how are they finished? beautiful cabinets. how are they finished?
output: how are they finished? i'm planning on hanging baskets for my new house. how are they finished?

input: what is the type of wood and stain used on the floor?
target: flooring type and stain . what is the type of wood and stain used on the floor? beautiful kitchen! well done!
output: what is the type of wood and stain used on the floor? is it real wood or stain? what is the type of wood and stain used on the floor? thanks

input: what inspired this design?
target: inspiration . such a great idea! what inspired this design?
output: inspiration. what inspired this design? love it!

input: do you think all 3 will look too much?
target: darlana pendant and linear light . i have bought 2 medium darlana pendants and the 6light linear for over breakfast nook table that seats 8. this is all in same room. 9/10 ft ceilings. do you think all 3 will look too much? should i get small darlana? wrecking my brain
output: do you think all 3 will look too much? i have a client that wants a 3x6 subway subway tile and i want it in my kitchen. i have a client that wants this colour but i'm worried it won't come out as good.

input: what is the width of the hood and also of the cabinets next to it?
target: what is the width of the hood and also of the cabinets next to it? kitchen remodel, trying to get perspective on hood size. danville, ca.
output: what is the width of the hood? what is the width of the hood? what is the width of the cabinets next to it?

input: can you share the material and brand of perimeter counter tops?
target: beautiful kitchen! can you share the material and brand of perimeter counter tops? i will also like to know if this wall paint is 'warm' or 'cool' in undertones. thank you in advance.
output: what is the material? can you share the material and brand of perimeter counter tops? thank you.

input: where are the counter stools from?
target: kitchen . where are the counter stools from? thanks!
output: where are the counter stools from? love the chairs. where can i find them?

input: could you help me know the width of the island?
target: width of this kitchen? and relative width of island? could you help me know the width of the island? and the overall width of the kitchen
output: dimensions. hello, beautiful kitchen! could you help me know the width of the island? thanks

input: could you share your source for the pendant lights above island?
target: pendants are awesome! could you share your source for the pendant lights above island? thanks!
output: pendant lights. could you share your source for the pendant lights above island? thank you!

input: is your hardware ashley norton?
target: hardware . thank you for sharing your photos! is your hardware ashley norton? what finish? thanks again!
output: hardware. is your hardware ashley norton? what is the name of it?

input: what stain is the floor?
target: floor . what stain is the floor? and width of planks?
output: what stain is the floor? is it wood? what stain is the floor?

input: name of backsplash please.?
target: backsplash . name of backsplash please.? its very pretty
output: backsplash. name of backsplash please. ? thanks

input: what is the floor stain color?
target: what is the floor stain color? white or red oak? thanks
output: what is the floor stain color? is it wood or lvt? thanks

input: what make and model is the microwave.
target: microwave . what make and model is the microwave. it's nicer looking than some
output: microwave. what make and model is the microwave. thanks

input: how are the island legs attached to the floor?
target: how are the island legs attached to the floor? awesome kitchen! great use of contrasting uppers and lowers!
output: how are the island legs attached to the floor? how do you attach them to the floor? how do i attach the island legs to the floor? thanks

input: what is the blue paint color on the lower cabinets?
target: what is the blue paint color on the lower cabinets? please tell me the paint color used on the lower cabinets. the blue color
output: what is the blue paint color on the lower cabinets? i love this kitchen! what is the blue paint color on the lower cabinets?

input: how high are the ceilings?
target: ceiling height? this is really beautiful! how high are the ceilings?
output: ceiling. how high are the ceilings? thanks!

input: where do i find the bone drawers and the labels for the other cabinets (ie snacks.
target: bone handles . where do i find the bone drawers and the labels for the other cabinets (ie snacks. chips.
output: bone drawers. where do i find the bone drawers and the labels for the other cabinets(ie snacks. chips. chips. thanks!

input: of pendant lights ?
target: source of schoolhouse liters . make and mfg. of pendant lights ?
output: where did you get the pendant lights? of pendant lights? where can i find it?

input: 1 is usually for food, the other water.why a third?
target: dog bowls . there are three bowls. 1 is usually for food, the other water.why a third? shouldn't there be an even amount?
output: what is the area of the kitchen? 1 is usually for food, the other water. why a third? what is the area of this area? what is the area called?

input: my whole kitchen is going to be done in wood rustic design no color except on backsplash indian colors and maybe possibly with some kind of indian border design around the top of the room above the cabinets !
target: can you get the butcher block island without the sink and in a solid rustic wood base? do not want the sink in the island and do not want any color for the base just a rustic wood for base and pots and pans rack above it but low enough for me to reach and keep the dog bowls how adorable ! my whole kitchen is going to be done in wood rustic design no color except on backsplash indian colors and maybe possibly with some kind of indian border design around the top of the room above the cabinets !
output: what is the color of the cabinets and the island? my whole kitchen is going to be done in wood rustic design no color except on backsplash indian colors and maybe with some kind of indian border design around the top of the room above the cabinets! i'm trying to figure out if this is the best example of this project!

input: where do you keep the dog waterer?
target: love love love the dog area but have 5 dogs . is one of these a water bowl? where do you keep the dog waterer?
output: love the dog! where do you keep the dog waterer? love it! where do you keep the dog waterer?

input: is that section of the island made of a durable, water proof material, or do you have to clean up after your pet?
target: love the dog dishes! my dog is very messy when she drinks, is water damage a concern? my dog is a black lab and she dribbles water out of her jowls after she drinks water. is that section of the island made of a durable, water proof material, or do you have to clean up after your pet?
output: is that section of the island made of a durable, water proof material, or do you have to clean up after your pet? i'm curious as to how much the maintenance cost cost the pet. thanks!

input: am wondering whether the tin ceiling will reflect the light and make the kitchen appear larger or have the opposite effect?
target: am loving the tin ceiling, would it make a small kitchen appear smaller? my kitchen is open plan and very light. it has two windows on separate walls. i'm dying to renovate the kitchen with new cabinets, glass.fronted doors and a high gloss countertop. am wondering whether the tin ceiling will reflect the light and make the kitchen appear larger or have the opposite effect?
output: what is the measurement of the the tin ceiling? am wondering whether the tin ceiling will reflect the light and make the kitchen appear larger or have the opposite effect? i am worried about the size of the tin ceiling. thank you.

input: what are the floors used here and what is their color?
target: what are the floors used here and what is their color? thanks in advance? are they larger than 5" wide"
output: what are the floors used here and what is their color? i love the color on the walls and the cabinets. what are the floors? what are they? what are they called?

input: can you tell me who makes this please?
target: backsplash . i love the backsplash. can you tell me who makes this please?
output: cabinet door. i love this pantry door. can you tell me who makes this please? thanks!

input: image in rejuvenation?
target: image in rejuvenation? i saw this image, details slightly changed, in the rejuvenation catalog that came in the mail today, 2014 bath. just an fyi in case they didn't have your permission.
output: image in rejuvenation? is it a marble slab? what is the name of?

input: how durable is marble on countertops.
target: how durable is marble on countertops. i have been told that marble scratches and should not be used as counter tops in kitchen area. also staining can be an issue. i love the look, though
output: how durable is marble on countertops. i have been looking for a marble counter top for my kitchen remodel. how durable is marble on countertops. i have a customer that wants it in my new kitchen.

input: i have been looking all over where to purchase a topiary olive/rosemary/boxwood tree.
target: does anyone know where i can purchase these topiaries in the toronto area??? i have been looking all over where to purchase a topiary olive/rosemary/boxwood tree. can't find any of them anywhere! any advice would be appreciated! thanks :)
output: where did you purchase the topiary olive/rosemary/boxwood tree. i have been looking all over where to purchase a topiary olive/rosemary/boxwood tree. what is the price on the bottom of the bottom and the bottom of the top. thanks!

input: is the tile pattern actual subway tile or could it be a stencil?
target: is the tile pattern actual subway tile or could it be a stencil? i love the cabinet moldings! just what i am look for to redesign mine!
output: is the tile pattern actual subway tile or could it be a stencil? i love this!

input: what kind of tile is that on the floors?
target: what kind of tile is that on the floors? love the look of the floors. can you give more information
output: what kind of tile is that on the floors? i love this!

input: i saw the dimensions of the island and kitchen, can you tell me how much space you have between the island and the counter (the side of the island with the chairs).
target: dimensions and spacing . i saw the dimensions of the island and kitchen, can you tell me how much space you have between the island and the counter (the side of the island with the chairs). thanks in advance!
output: dimensions. i saw the dimensions of the island and kitchen, can you tell me how much space you have between the island and the counter(the side of the island with the chairs) . thanks

input: could you please clarify who the interior designer(s) was on this project?
target: interior designer . incredible work! could you please clarify who the interior designer(s) was on this project? i see you list philip ennis, but i assume he is the photographer. thank you,
output: interior designer. could you please clarify who the interior designer(s) was on this project? thank you!

input: it was recommended to me and i worry about splashing and the mess in front of people who are sitting.
target: what quartz did you use on the counters? hi, this kitchen came out beautiful. can you tell me what quartz you used on the counters? also, i am wondering about the sink in the island. it was recommended to me and i worry about splashing and the mess in front of people who are sitting. i would also like to use this area as an area to set food up during the holidays. thanks so much for your help!
output: what is the stain on the cabinets? it was recommended to me and i worry about splashing and the mess in front of people who are sitting. i am worried that the stain would not appear to be visible. thanks!

input: where can i see/get this floor plan?
target: floorplan? where can i see/get this floor plan? would love to check it out. thanks!
output: where can i see/get this floor plan? what is the floor? what is the name of this floor plan?

input: could you tell me where the chairs were purchased?
target: i love the chairs! could you tell me where the chairs were purchased? they’re lovely!
output: i love the chairs. could you tell me where the chairs were purchased? thank you!

input: where did you purchase the glass table base??
target: love the kitchen table! where did you purchase the glass table base?? or the brand would be helpful! thank you
output: where did you purchase the glass table base? ? thank you! love this kitchen!

input: can you please tell me what brand of paint was used for the walls?
target: wall colour . can you please tell me what brand of paint was used for the walls? they look like a very lovely shade of grey.
output: wall paint. can you please tell me what brand of paint was used for the walls? thank you

input: where are they from?
target: kitchen lights . love the lights about the island! where are they from? thanks!
output: chandeliers. where are they from? chandeliers?

input: can you please tell me what the flooring material is?
target: floors . beautiful kitchen! can you please tell me what the flooring material is?
output: flooring material? can you please tell me what the flooring material is? thanks

input: what are the ceiling heights?
target: ceiling heights . what are the ceiling heights? beautiful kitchen! thank you.
output: ceiling heights. what are the ceiling heights? thanks

input: what are the island lights called?
target: what are the island lights called? beautiful! looking to buy the same island lights!
output: what are the island lights called? thank you! what are the island lights called?

input: could you please share the wall color used in kitchen on wall and shiplap?
target: wall color in kitchen? could you please share the wall color used in kitchen on wall and shiplap? i know you posted you used sw in bathroom. your design is beautiful. thank you
output: wall color. could you please share the wall color used in kitchen on wall and shiplap? thank you!

input: what paint color was used for the cabinets?
target: cabinetry paint color? what paint color was used for the cabinets? beautiful!
output: cabinets. what paint color was used for the cabinets? thank you

input: what is the distance between the sink and island?
target: spacing for island . love this style. what is the distance between the sink and island? depth of island top? thanks
output: dimensions of island. what is the distance between the sink and island? thanks

input: island and backspash tile!
target: island and backspash tile! beautiful. i'd love the name of the tile—i'm looking for something just like that.not subway and new but also classic. this is perfect.
output: island and backspash tile! beautiful! what is the color/color?

input: what is the finish on the cabinet hardware?
target: what is the finish on the cabinet hardware? i love the darker hardware and light fixtures with the rest of this kitchen! can you tell me where the hardware is from? is it a polished bronze?
output: what is the finish on the cabinet hardware? i love this kitchen! thank you!

input: do you know what kind of finish the home owner is using on the fir countertops?
target: finish on counter tops . do you know what kind of finish the home owner is using on the fir countertops? everything looks amazing!
output: finish on countertops. do you know what kind of finish the home owner is using on the fir countertops? i'm trying to figure out if this is the best option for my kitchen design.

input: if so, what kind of business would i look for to provide that type of service?
target: was the island custom made? was the island custom made? if so, what kind of business would i look for to provide that type of service? i keep shopping online but not finding any small islands i really like. thank you.
output: what type of service is the countertop? is it wood or fiberglass? if so, what kind of business would i look for to provide that type of service? thank you!

input: what is height of microwave?
target: micro/oven combo . what is height of microwave? how has homeowner liked it?
output: microwave height. what is height of microwave? thanks

input: what are the dimensions of the kitchen.
target: kitchen dimension . what are the dimensions of the kitchen. it's perfect love it
output: what are the dimensions of the kitchen. i love this layout. what are the dimensions of the kitchen. thank you

input: what are the dimensions of the island?
target: kitchen island . that is an amazing transformation! what are the dimensions of the island? i'd like to add an island to our fairly narrow kitchen. yours is the best example i've seen.
output: what are the dimensions of the island? i love this! what are the dimensions of the island? thanks

input: where can we get these unique drawer inserts/dividers?
target: where can we get these unique drawer inserts/dividers? we have a client that just loves these and we are having trouble sourcing them. thank you!
output: where can we get these unique drawer inserts/dividers? i love these! where can we get these unique drawer inserts/dividers? thank you!

input: may i please know where the drawer pulls you used can be purchased?
target: may i please know where the drawer pulls you used can be purchased? these brass looking drawer pulls are similar to some i had and have wanted to find again. i like the fact they they do not extend beyond their corners so will not catch clothing or other items on extended parts. i still look for an exact match to pulls i want but am thrilled to see these!
output: may i please know where the drawer pulls you used can be purchased? thank you. this is a beautiful kitchen!

input: we are doing a similar style for our kitchen and trying to decide how to outline the mosaic.
target: frame around mosaic . do you remember what the framing tile is around the mosaic? we are doing a similar style for our kitchen and trying to decide how to outline the mosaic.
output: tile. we are doing a similar style for our kitchen and trying to decide how to outline the mosaic. i love this tile.

input: can you tell me what the tile is on the backsplash?
target: tiled backsplash . can you tell me what the tile is on the backsplash? thank you.
output: backsplash. can you tell me what the tile is on the backsplash? thanks

input: is it just me?
target: rolling pin in ceramic jar. is it just me? it caught my eye andamp. made me laugh!
output: is it just me? what is the name of the island? i love the island!

input: could you post the colors of the island and cabinets?
target: beautiful!!! could you post the colors of the island and cabinets? love this kitchen!
output: beautiful kitchen! could you post the colors of the island and cabinets? thank you!

input: what did you use for the backsplash?
target: beautiful kitchen. what did you use for the backsplash? thanks
output: what did you use for the backsplash? is it marble? what is the name of the tile?

input: how many inches are in between it and the stove?
target: island size . what is the size of the island? how many inches are in between it and the stove?
output: how many inches are in between it and the stove? i have a question. i have a question about storage space. i have a pantry and i want to put it in my kitchen.

input: i want to use a marble slab backsplash and dont know where to put the outlets.thanks!
target: outlets? where do you have the outlets hidden? i want to use a marble slab backsplash and dont know where to put the outlets.thanks!
output: outlets? i want to use a marble slab backsplash and dont know where to put the outlets. thanks!

input: is that a high out put stove?
target: is that a high out put stove? i thought you could't have a microwave . i was under the impression that you need a vent over a high out put stove and not a microwave.
output: is that a high out put stove? what is the brand of the stove? is that a high out put stove?

input: can you tell me what you put in the lower corner for a cabinet to the right of the dishwasher?
target: lower corner space . can you tell me what you put in the lower corner for a cabinet to the right of the dishwasher? thank you!
output: lower corner space. can you tell me what you put in the lower corner for a cabinet to the right of the dishwasher? thank you!

input: may i know the dimensions of this island?
target: beautiful kitchen. may i know the dimensions of this island? thank you!
output: dimensions. hello! may i know the dimensions of this island? thank you!

input: can you please tell me what the counter top is.
target: counter and backsplash . the back splash and counter are beautiful!! can you please tell me what the counter top is. i have to decide on my counter by monday and i can't figure it out. appreciate your help! your work is beautiful!! kindly jennifer
output: counter top. can you please tell me what the counter top is. thank you

input: can you give me the specs on the pantry, and an inside photo of the pantry?
target: love the idea under stair pantry . we are doing a kitchen reno, and we have wasted storage under the steps from our garage. we want to seal off the entry from the garage and put a door in from the kitchen and create a pantry. it looks very similar to this. can you give me the specs on the pantry, and an inside photo of the pantry?
output: love the pantry! can you give me the specs on the pantry, and an inside photo of the pantry? it looks like it's all in one piece.

input: i'm repainting my kitchen cupboard and would like to know the brand and number of this colour?
target: paint color . i'm repainting my kitchen cupboard and would like to know the brand and number of this colour? thank you france donnell
output: what colour is the wall colour? i'm repainting my kitchen cupboard and would like to know the brand and number of this colour? thank you!

input: would you please tell me the size of the bar sink?
target: size of bar sink? would you please tell me the size of the bar sink? it’s over a 16” cabinet door, correct?
output: size of bar sink? would you please tell me the size of the bar sink? thank you!

input: what brand is the latch hardware on the cabinets?
target: hardware . what brand is the latch hardware on the cabinets? thank you
output: what brand is the latch hardware on the cabinets? i love this kitchen! thank you!

input: my kitchen cabinet company told me that where there is a sin you need 24 " space between the counter and the upper cabinet, is he right ?
target: where there is a sink does it have to be 24" above ? my kitchen cabinet company told me that where there is a sin you need 24 " space between the counter and the upper cabinet, is he right ? does it have to be ?is it required for inspection ?
output: where does the table space hold the space? my kitchen cabinet company told me that where there is a sin you need 24" space between the counter and the upper cabinet, is he right? this is a beautiful kitchen.

input: what is it made of?
target: love the floor! what is it made of? looks like cork.
output: countertop. what is it made of? what is it made of?

input: what are the dimensions of this sink?
target: sink . what are the dimensions of this sink? thank you!
output: what are the dimensions of this sink? i love this! what are the dimensions of this sink? thanks!

input: how thick is the countertop?
target: countertop . how thick is the countertop? and what edge was used?
output: countertop. how thick is the countertop? how thick is the countertop? thank you!

input: can you tell me the color and brand/door style of this butler pantry cabinet?
target: cabinets . can you tell me the color and brand/door style of this butler pantry cabinet? really classy looking!
output: cabinet door style. can you tell me the color and brand/door style of this butler pantry cabinet? thank you!

input: what are he island dimensions?
target: island . what are he island dimensions? thanks
output: island. what are he island dimensions? thank you!

input: one more question.can you please let me know the specie of wood and the stain used on the windows?
target: beautiful windows and trim . one more question.can you please let me know the specie of wood and the stain used on the windows? thanks a million
output: what type of wood is this? one more question. can you please let me know the specie of wood and the stain used on the windows? thanks

input: can you please tell me the dimensions of this space including ceiling height?
target: this is a magnificent kitchen! can you please tell me the dimensions of this space including ceiling height? also, can you share with me who manufactured the fabulous range hood? thank you!
output: dimensions. can you please tell me the dimensions of this space including ceiling height? thank you.

input: what kind of countertop is used here?
target: countertop . what kind of countertop is used here? what is it called?
output: what kind of countertop is used here? is it granite or quartz? what is the name of it?

input: hi, how did you finish off the edges of this kitchen island (where the wood paneling meets)?
target: edges of island . hi, how did you finish off the edges of this kitchen island (where the wood paneling meets)? i’m curious how you got such a clean, sharp edge. thanks!
output: edges of island. hi, how did you finish off the edges of this kitchen island(where the wood paneling meets) ? thanks!

input: hi can you tell me who makes the backsplash and color .
target: hi can you tell me who makes the backsplash and color . my kitchen which was just remodeled looks very similar but we haven’t picked a backsplash yet. i like your
output: backsplash. hi can you tell me who makes the backsplash and color. thanks

input: what is the size of the island?
target: love this kitchen. what is the size of the island? we are looking to remodel and i love this size.
output: what is the size of the island? i love this! what is the size of the island? thanks

input: also, i wanted to increase the height of the cabinets to reach the ceiling, but i couldn't find any pictures on the web where someone increased the height of the cathedral arch cabinets and painted them white.
target: white dove.paint . i love your kitchen. i am also remolding mine and recently changed the island.now i want to paint the upper cabinets and was wondering the color white dove your used here will look good on maple cabinet—my husband thinks the color will be too white as i also want to change the color of my walls to off white. any suggestions would be appreciated. also, i wanted to increase the height of the cabinets to reach the ceiling, but i couldn't find any pictures on the web where someone increased the height of the cathedral arch cabinets and painted them white. (i received a quote of $6000 from a local ma painter to just paint the perimeter cabinets and 5500 for the walls which i think is way high and i am having a hard time convincing my husband).
output: ceiling height. i love this! also, i wanted to increase the height of the cathedral arch to reach the ceiling, but i couldn't find any pictures on the web where someone increased the height of the cathedral arch cabinets and painted them white. thanks

input: do you know the size/dimensions?
target: sink . love the stainless farmhouse sink. do you know the size/dimensions?
output: dimensions. do you know the size/dimensions? thanks

input: what kind of wood was used on the stools?
target: what kind of wood was used on the stools? i'm totally in love with the style of this line. i love the modern barstools and the overall bright white color. my aunt and uncle are looking to remodel their kitchen kind of similar to this one. https://anatoliainteriors.com/kitchen.remodeling.html
output: what kind of wood was used on the stools? i'm trying to do a similar look for my kitchen. thanks!

input: would you please mind sharing where you purchased these?
target: beautiful bar stools . hello, i love the bar stools. would you please mind sharing where you purchased these? thank you!
output: i love the chairs. would you please mind sharing where you purchased these? thanks!

input: what wood species was used for the cabinets?
target: cabinet wood? what wood species was used for the cabinets? it looks a bit like hickory or pecan. thanks!
output: cabinets. what wood species was used for the cabinets? thank you

input: can you direct me to the supplier of the green back splash.
target: where can i buy that green back splash . can you direct me to the supplier of the green back splash. thank you marian margodwin2@gmail.com
output: back splash. can you direct me to the supplier of the green back splash. thank you

input: who is the manufacturer?
target: flooring? love this floor. who is the manufacturer? what is the stain color? thanks!
output: love the chairs. who is the manufacturer? thank you.

input: can you tell me the length and width of the island?
target: island dimensions?? gorgeous kitchen. can you tell me the length and width of the island? counter material? thanks!
output: island. can you tell me the length and width of the island? thank you!

input: can you tell me where you found it?
target: gorgeous backsplash . i love the backsplash!!! can you tell me where you found it?
output: i love the wood countertop! can you tell me where you found it? thanks!

input: what material and stain are the floors?
target: flooring . gorgeous! what material and stain are the floors?
output: what material and stain are the floors? i love this look! thank you!

input: how do you provide extra support and still have the floating overhang?
target: beautiful design . does the overhang on the island have extra support? i've read that quartz or solid surface overhang that has a long run may sag. my design is for a run of 8'8" with an overhang that exceeds the 1/3 rule by 1 inch. how do you provide extra support and still have the floating overhang?
output: how do you provide extra support and still have the floating overhang? i have a similar ceiling and am trying to figure out if this is the correct one.

input: what is the brand of the bar stools?
target: beautiful design. what is the brand of the bar stools? thank you
output: what is the brand of the bar stools? thank you! this is a beautiful kitchen!

input: does anyone know what wood shelves these are or where to get something similar?
target: these wooden shelves . does anyone know what wood shelves these are or where to get something similar? they are stunning!
output: what wood shelves are these? does anyone know what wood shelves these are or where to get something similar? i love this!

input: could i know what grout color name it was being used?
target: love the grout color on the blacksplash! could i know what grout color name it was being used? this is the exact color we had in mind for our kitchen but can't decided between a "gray" vs dark gray/black. thank you!
output: could i know what grout color name it was being used? thank you!

input: does anyone know what that top swing out shelf bracket is called or where i can purchase it?
target: that swing out shelf bracket ?? does anyone know what that top swing out shelf bracket is called or where i can purchase it? i had one in our last house, they work great and are very functional. i've been all over looking for one and everyone looks at me like i'm crazy.
output: swing out swing out shelf bracket. does anyone know what that top swing out shelf bracket is called or where i can purchase it? thanks

input: what size do you suggest?
target: knobs . i like the knobs used in white kitchen. i have a question. i’m using wood knobs on my kitchen cabinets . what size do you suggest? my pull drawers are 27 in. and 16in. how many per drawer? thank you
output: size of the island. what size do you suggest? thanks

input: would love to know where you sourced the backsplash tiles, i like their sheen.
target: the backsplash tiles are ceramic or glass? would love to know where you sourced the backsplash tiles, i like their sheen. thank you!
output: backsplash. would love to know where you sourced the backsplash tiles, i like their sheen. thanks

input: where does the counter end and the sink begin?
target: sink configuration . can you explain how the countertop andamp. sink are configured? is it an under mount sink? drop in? where does the counter end and the sink begin? i love it!
output: where does the counter end and the sink begin? i love this kitchen! i'm trying to figure out if this kitchen is a great idea. i'm trying to figure out if this is a good idea for my kitchen design.

input: who makes the hood and cooktop?
target: who makes the hood? who makes the hood and cooktop? size of both? thank you! lovely design!
output: who makes the hood and cooktop? who makes the hood and cooktop? who makes it? what is the name of it?

input: is this designer white?
target: corian color . is this designer white? thank you for your help.
output: is this designer white? what is the color? i have a kitchen that is very similar to this.

input: do you know?
target: beautiful! i'm thinking of doing just this, inset upper cabs and full overlay lowers. i love the simple recessed panel door, but am struggling with whether or not to have a bead on the door and/or on the frame of the inset uppers. it looks like there is no bead on either of these, but i can't tell for sure. do you know? thanks.
output: love the pendants! do you know? thanks

input: did you use 1 1/4" knobs?
target: knobs . hi love your design.keep coming back to it. did you use 1 1/4" knobs? thanks
output: knobs. did you use 1 1/4" knobs? what is the brand of knobs? thanks

input: where did you find the knobs.
target: knobs . love your design. where did you find the knobs. ?thank you.
output: where did you find the knobs. love this kitchen! thank you.

input: what did you use?
target: flooring? so pretty! what did you use?
output: love the pendant lights! what did you use? thanks!

input: can you please tell me the brand and size of this hood?
target: hood . can you please tell me the brand and size of this hood? thank you!
output: hood. can you please tell me the brand and size of this hood? thank you.

input: what is the wall color.
target: what is the wall color. thank you. wall color
output: what is the wall color. i love this room! what is the wall color. thanks

input: where did this chair come from?
target: chair . where did this chair come from? absolutely love it!
output: chair. where did this chair come from? thanks!

input: what is the kitchen cabinets material?
target: what is the kitchen cabinets material? i’d like to know the material of the kitchen cabinets. thanks
output: what is the kitchen cabinets material? i love this kitchen! thank you!

input: i’d like to know the material and name if island countertop?
target: what is the kitchen island countertop made of? i’d like to know the material and name if island countertop? thanks much.
output: what is the island countertop? i’d like to know the material and name if island countertop? thank you!

input: could you tell me the wall color in this kitchen?
target: love the wall color! could you tell me the wall color in this kitchen? thanks!
output: could you tell me the wall color in this kitchen? thank you! could you tell me the wall color in this kitchen? it's beautiful!

input: where can i find one?
target: white and stainless range hood . i love the white and stainless range hood. where can i find one?
output: love the chairs. where can i find one? thanks

input: hi there, can you provide any details about the island faucet?
target: faucet . hi there, can you provide any details about the island faucet? beautiful kitchen! thanks!
output: faucet. hi there, can you provide any details about the island faucet? thanks!

input: what stain color is used for the floor and what type of the floor?
target: floor and stain color . what stain color is used for the floor and what type of the floor? red oak, white oak, maple.? thanks!
output: floor. what stain color is used for the floor and what type of the floor? thank you

input: can you tell me where they are from?
target: where are the barstools from? love the chrome barstools. can you tell me where they are from?
output: i love the pendant lights! can you tell me where they are from? thank you!

input: can you tell me where to purchase these bar stools?
target: bar stools . can you tell me where to purchase these bar stools? thanks
output: stools. can you tell me where to purchase these bar stools? thank you!

input: love the greys in the wood and love how you paired the white oak with your cabinets.
target: what products (and process) did you use for the floors? i'm installing white oak rift hardwood floors. love the greys in the wood and love how you paired the white oak with your cabinets.
output: what is the wood color and the finish? love the greys in the wood and love how you paired the white oak with your cabinets.

input: who is the manufacturer of the laminate used on these cabinets?
target: who is the manufacturer of the laminate used on these cabinets? hi, i'm hoping to get more information on the laminate used on these cabinets. i'm doing custom cabinets for a home in seattle and would love to model the kitchen after this one. thanks in advance!
output: who is the manufacturer of the laminate used on these cabinets? i'm in love with this kitchen! i'm in the middle of a project and i'm hoping this is the best example i've seen! thanks!

input: is that the case?
target: range hood size . range hood appears wider than the range. is that the case?
output: is that the case? what is the crown? what is the crown? what is the name?

input: do you guys do facefram inset door kitchens?
target: this is a avery nice kitchen! i like the tile colum details. looks like a lot of thought went into this project. i'm a cabinetmaker in nj. i know what i'm looking at. do you guys do facefram inset door kitchens? take care cabinetmaker birdie miller
output: this is a beautiful kitchen! i'm in love with this layout. do you guys do facefram inset door kitchens? thank you!

input: can you share where you purchased the island lights?
target: island lighting . can you share where you purchased the island lights? thanks!
output: island lights. can you share where you purchased the island lights? thank you!

input: can you suggest what sw color comes close to swiss coffee?
target: recommendations on whole house color . our painter only uses sw paints. i know you used bm swiss coffee throughout the house. can you suggest what sw color comes close to swiss coffee? appreciate you answering all of my questions.
output: cabinets. can you suggest what sw color comes close to swiss coffee? thank you!

input: i read the article and see that it says all cabinets are either black or white, but some of the cabinets appear to be blue?
target: just beautiful!! would you mind one small clarification please. i read the article and see that it says all cabinets are either black or white, but some of the cabinets appear to be blue? is it just the lighting playing tricks on me? thanks so much!
output: what is the color on the cabinets? i read the article and see that it says all cabinets are either black or white, but some of the cabinets appear to be blue? what color is the cabinets?

input: where is the chandelier from?
target: where is the chandelier from? please provide chandelier info. thanks
output: where is the chandelier from? love it! where is the chandelier from?

input: what is the size andamp.
target: range hood . what is the size andamp. brand of range hood?
output: love the cabinets. what is the size andamp. cabinets?

input: paint color used on the walls in the adjoining living room?
target: paint color used on the walls in the adjoining living room? i am obsessed with this home! perfection, unique and stunning!
output: paint color used on the walls in the adjoining living room? i'm trying to see if the cabinets are painted or not.

input: could you please also share the cabinet color.
target: built in cabinet color . could you please also share the cabinet color. it compliments the island very well! beautiful room!
output: cabinet color. could you please also share the cabinet color. thank you.

input: island color .
target: island color . beautiful, can you please share color. thanks
output: island color. i love this island! what is the color of it?

input: does this style and finish go with white cabinets ?
target: cabinet pulls . where are cabinet pulls from and what finish? does this style and finish go with white cabinets ? i am going for modern/contemporary look . i am deciding to use 7' and 9'" long.
output: cabinets. does this style and finish go with white cabinets? i'm trying to figure out if this kitchen is a bad idea.

input: also, how is it positioned with respect to the island and counter top?
target: what type of solar tube is that? i am intrigued by the non.circular solar tube. also, how is it positioned with respect to the island and counter top?
output: what is the island countertop and what is the height? also, how is it positioned with respect to the island and counter top? thank you!

input: what material is the countertop in this photo?
target: countertop . what material is the countertop in this photo? thanks!
output: countertop. what material is the countertop in this photo? thank you!

input: can you tell me where to find the chandelier.
target: chandelier . can you tell me where to find the chandelier. love it!
output: chandelier. can you tell me where to find the chandelier. thanks

input: what is the style name and where could i find them?
target: floors. are the floors tile? what is the style name and where could i find them?
output: what is the style name and where could i find them? thanks! i have a client that loves the pendants.

input: do you think the counters/backsplash in this kitchen would look good with espresso shaker cabinets??
target: do you think the counters/backsplash in this kitchen would look good with espresso shaker cabinets?? for the counters, how thick are these and what edge is used??? love this!!
output: do you think the counters/backsplash in this kitchen would look good with espresso shaker cabinets? ? thanks!

input: does it bother you that the counters are more white in color than the tile and the cabinets which have more beige in them?
target: i am thinking of a similar color scheme with off.white tiles and cabinet paint. does it bother you that the counters are more white in color than the tile and the cabinets which have more beige in them? i am dying to know if you are happy because i don't want to go white white on my tile or cabinet color selection, even though most do with the white/gray marble. thanks for your advice!
output: what color is the tile? does it bother you that the counters are more white in color than the tile and the cabinets which have more beige in them? i'm worried it is not the same color as the cabinets.

input: i've looked everywhere for something like this.
target: who makes the pull for the refrigerator? where can i buy it? i've looked everywhere for something like this.
output: where did you get the table? i've looked everywhere for something like this. what is the dimension?

input: would you mind sharing the stain on the island?
target: beautiful stain on island . would you mind sharing the stain on the island? beautiful kitchen!
output: stain on island? would you mind sharing the stain on the island? thank you!

input: can you please tell me where the island pendants are from?
target: pendants . can you please tell me where the island pendants are from? thank you.
output: pendants. can you please tell me where the island pendants are from? thank you.

input: could you please share the cabinet/island counter materials and the backsplash?
target: counters and backsplash. could you please share the cabinet/island counter materials and the backsplash? thank you.
output: could you please share the cabinet/island counter materials and the backsplash? thank you. could you please share the cabinet/island counter materials and the backsplash? thank you.

input: what material is used on the ceiling?
target: ceiling material . what material is used on the ceiling? can it be used over popcorn ceiling?
output: ceiling material? what material is used on the ceiling? thanks

input: do you know the cost of this island?
target: island . do you know the cost of this island? countertop included. thank you!
output: island. do you know the cost of this island? thank you

input: can' t believe no one has asked about those beautiful chairs.
target: chairs . can' t believe no one has asked about those beautiful chairs. they are so elegant and functional. i would love to know where they are from, please.
output: chairs. can't believe no one has asked about those beautiful chairs. they are perfect!

input: what is the island material and colour?
target: island material . what is the island material and colour? thank you!
output: what is the island material and colour? thank you.

input: would like to know if you used caulking where beadboard and o'gee meets.
target: is there caulking where beadboard and o'gee meets. did my ceiling the . would like to know if you used caulking where beadboard and o'gee meets. did my kitchen ceiling the same and was wondering, very tricky on one side!
output: would like to know if you used caulking where beadboard and o' gee meets. i have been looking for a similar layout and am looking for one i am would like to know if you used caulking where beadboard and o' gee meets. thanks!

input: hello, was this a satin or matte finish would you recall?
target: finish . hello, was this a satin or matte finish would you recall? thank you!
output: finish. hello, was this a satin or matte finish would you recall? thank you!

input: what brand cabinets, type and color of countertops?
target: love this! what brand cabinets, type and color of countertops? many thanks!
output: what brand cabinets, type and color of countertops? i love this kitchen! thanks!

input: where can i find the counter stools?
target: cynthia . where can i find the counter stools? dimensions?
output: where can i find the counter stools? thank you. i have a great kitchen and i want to do something similar in my house.

input: would you please let me know the brand and style?
target: love the faucets! would you please let me know the brand and style? thank you!
output: i love the pendant lights! would you please let me know the brand and style? thank you!

input: what is backsplash name and material?
target: backsplash and pendant . what is backsplash name and material? love the pendants. where are they from?
output: backsplash. what is backsplash name and material? beautiful!

input: are you sure the island is 10 ft x 4 ft?
target: are you sure the island is 10 ft x 4 ft? it only fits 3 stools. please . see above question.
output: are you sure the island is 10 ft x 4 ft? i want to do a similar layout for my kitchen! this is a beautiful kitchen!

input: what color is the kitchen island painted?
target: our powder room update . what color is the kitchen island painted? we have the same birch floors and the island color would work great to update our cabinets.
output: what color is the kitchen island painted? i love this kitchen! what color is the kitchen island painted?

input: what type of wood flooring did you use in your kitchen?
target: flooring . what type of wood flooring did you use in your kitchen? (i'm green with envy by the way.it's absolutely gorgeous!!)
output: flooring. what type of wood flooring did you use in your kitchen? it's beautiful!

input: do you happen to know the exact make and model of this stove hood?
target: hood make/model? do you happen to know the exact make and model of this stove hood? thank you!
output: stove hood. do you happen to know the exact make and model of this stove hood? thank you!

input: can you tell me the size of the sunroom, please?
target: sunroom . can you tell me the size of the sunroom, please? thank you so much.just lovely work you do!! ~ barb
output: sunroom. can you tell me the size of the sunroom, please? thank you.

input: what are the dimensions of the island?
target: island . what are the dimensions of the island? thanks!
output: what are the dimensions of the island? i love this! what are the dimensions of the island? thanks

input: any idea of the hood brand?
target: hood . any idea of the hood brand? is it 30"? thanks!
output: hood. any idea of the hood brand? thanks

input: what is the thickness of the island counter top?
target: island . what is the thickness of the island counter top? what type of edge did you put on it? is this a mitered edge? laminate edge? thanks.
output: island counter top. what is the thickness of the island counter top? thank you!

input: would this kitchen look good with light maple floors?
target: would this kitchen look good with light maple floors? your kitchen is stunning and welcoming at the same time. just bought a new place and we are remodeling the kitchen, and i love yours!
output: would this kitchen look good with light maple floors? i would like to do something similar in my kitchen but i don't see any!

input: can you give me the dimensions of this kitchen?
target: dimensions . can you give me the dimensions of this kitchen? also the size of the island. thanks in advance.
output: dimensions. can you give me the dimensions of this kitchen? thanks!

input: light fixture above island?
target: light fixture above island? where to find it? one piece?
output: light fixture above island? where can i get it? thanks.

input: is it sold anywhere?
target: the wood countertop . what is it? it's unusual and gorgeous . is it sold anywhere?
output: the table is beautiful! is it sold anywhere? what is the price?

input: what are the dimensions (depth andamp.
target: dimensions of the beams? what are the dimensions (depth andamp. width) of the beams? looks great.thanks!
output: dimensions. what are the dimensions(depth andamp. width) of ceiling? thanks!

input: what type of tile was used here?
target: floor tile douce? details please!!? what type of tile was used here? love how it looks like concrete!
output: what type of tile was used here? i love this kitchen! thank you!

input: as many others i really like the stained islands, can you please provide the type of wood?
target: cabinets wood species? as many others i really like the stained islands, can you please provide the type of wood? thank you.
output: what type of wood is this? as many others i really like the stained islands, can you please provide the type of wood? thank you!

input: what brand and color are the kitchen countertops?
target: love this kitchen. what are the countertops made of? color and brand? what brand and color are the kitchen countertops?
output: what brand and color are the kitchen countertops? i love the kitchen! what brand and color are the kitchen countertops?

input: are they stained or painted.
target: cabinets . are they stained or painted. they look very nice. thanks for any info.
output: cabinets. are they stained or painted. what color stain?

input: what wood type was used for the island cabinets?
target: what wood type was used for the island cabinets? is it quarter.sawn? is it quarter.sawn oak? they are beautiful. also, i love the clean hood!
output: what wood type was used for the island cabinets? i love this! thank you!

input: could you provide information regarding the wood beams?
target: wood beams . could you provide information regarding the wood beams? type? where did you get them? they are beautiful!
output: wood beams. could you provide information regarding the wood beams? they are beautiful!

input: is it tile or stained concrete?
target: bawagner . flooring surface? is it tile or stained concrete?
output: backsplash. is it tile or stained concrete? what color/stain is it

input: may i please have the color you used?
target: the silestone counters . may i please have the color you used? thank you so much.
output: thank you. may i please have the color you used? thank you.

input: how did you achieve the look.what stain/dye did you use.how was the floor finished the achieve matte finish.product?
target: floor . the matte finnish is wonderful! how did you achieve the look.what stain/dye did you use.how was the floor finished the achieve matte finish.product? thanks, great design.
output: floor. how did you achieve the look. what stain/dye did you use. how was the floor finished the achieve matte finish. product? thanks

input: can you tell us about the pot filler?
target: pot filler . can you tell us about the pot filler? brand / model
output: pot filler. can you tell us about the pot filler? is it a 24" wide?

input: what color paint was used for the cabinetry?
target: cabinet color . what color paint was used for the cabinetry? thanks!
output: cabinetry. what color paint was used for the cabinetry? it's beautiful!

input: where is the hardware on the cabinets from and what finish are they?
target: pulls . where is the hardware on the cabinets from and what finish are they? thanks!
output: where is the hardware on the cabinets from and what finish are they? i love this kitchen! i'm in love with it!

input: who makes the wicker barstools?
target: who makes the wicker barstools? they remind me of paris! thanks!
output: who makes the wicker barstools? who makes the wicker barstools? where can i get them?

input: i think this may be too large for what i have in mind but would like to see.
target: love this . what are the dimensions of the kitchen? i think this may be too large for what i have in mind but would like to see. thanks
output: love the chairs. i think this may be too large for what i have in mind but would like to see. thanks!

input: can you tell me what color the cabinets were painted?
target: cabinet color . can you tell me what color the cabinets were painted? love that they have a touch of gray to them.
output: cabinet color. can you tell me what color the cabinets were painted? thank you!

input: love the cabinet hardware, can you please share the make and model?
target: hardware . love the cabinet hardware, can you please share the make and model? thanks!
output: love the cabinet hardware, can you please share the make and model? thanks!

input: where are they from?
target: cabinet . i love those corner cabinets! where are they from?
output: chandeliers. where are they from? chandeliers?

input: are these 3cm counters?
target: counters . are these 3cm counters? thanks!
output: counters. are these 3cm counters? what size?

input: please, let me know what kind of kill switch you used in the "garage" to satisfy the electrical inspection.
target: electrical inside the cabinet . please, let me know what kind of kill switch you used in the "garage" to satisfy the electrical inspection. thank you very much.
output: electrical electrical. please, let me know what kind of kill switch you used in the" garage" to satisfy the electrical inspection. thank you!

input: would you please provide the name and color of these wood floors?
target: flooring . hello. would you please provide the name and color of these wood floors? they're beautiful! thank you.
output: floors. would you please provide the name and color of these wood floors? thank you!

input: would love to know who made these
target: who is the door manufacturer? are these bifolding doors? i love the small sight lines. would love to know who made these
output: i love the cabinets! would love to know who made these

input: is the grout on backsplash tile black ?
target: grout . is the grout on backsplash tile black ? color?
output: grout color. is the grout on backsplash tile black? what is the color?

input: are the tiles individual or in a panel?
target: are the tiles individual or in a panel? in florida, grout turns black . i want a tile look with no grout
output: are the tiles individual or in a panel? i'm in love with this. what is the name of it. is it tile size?

input: how does a traditionally designed upscale kitchen achieve cleaner look .
target: how does a traditionally designed upscale kitchen achieve cleaner look . our kitchen is very. large and designed very well. built in 2010, we are wanting to update to a more modern feel without removing cabinetry. really thinking new paint and hardware, maybe make island different color. we have granite and tile backsplash in beige and gray tones.
output: how does a traditionally designed upscale kitchen achieve cleaner look. i have a question on the cabinet maker and what is the name of it. i'm trying to figure out if that's a good fit for my kitchen.

input: can you tell me how long the edge pulls you used are?
target: edge pull length advice . can you tell me how long the edge pulls you used are? i have a white kitchen with 36", 27", 24", 18" and 15" drawers and 15", 24", 27" and 30" cabinets. i want the edge pulls to be the same size. can't decide what the best length to purchase, help!
output: edge pulls. can you tell me how long the edge pulls you used are? i'm planning on doing a similar project and i'm hoping this is the best looking kitchen i've seen!

input: where can i find one please
target: light fixture over the .? the fancy one. where can i find one please
output: love the stools! where can i find one please please

input: where is it from?
target: light fixture over the island . where is it from? thank you.
output: light. where is it from? love the light fixture over the island.

input: where can i buy this?
target: chandelier . i love this chandelier . where can i buy this?
output: love the table. where can i buy this? is it custom made or what size?

input: were these any special requirements for the wall behind it?
target: how was this installed? this is a great use of space. what did you use to install this? were these any special requirements for the wall behind it?
output: what are the dimensions of this room? i am planning on building a new home and i'm debating between a similar layout. were these any special requirements for the wall behind it? thank you!

input: i'd love the dimensions to this cut out and what exactly is the material to which the magnetic hooks attach?
target: dimensions . i'd love the dimensions to this cut out and what exactly is the material to which the magnetic hooks attach? i understand it must be metal but any more detail would be appreciated. thanks.
output: dimensions. i'd love the dimensions to this cut out and what exactly is the material to which the magnetic hooks attach? thanks!

input: what type of countertop were used?
target: what type of countertop were used? marble? it's beautiful! what type of countertop were used?
output: what type of countertop were used? is it granite or quartz? what is the name of the granite?

input: who made the cabinets?
target: pantry looks great! who made the cabinets? thanks!
output: who made the cabinets? what is the stain? what is the stain?

input: do you know where the pendant lights are from?
target: pendant lights . do you know where the pendant lights are from? thanks!
output: pendant lights. do you know where the pendant lights are from? thanks!

input: are these framed or frameless?
target: cabinet style? are these framed or frameless? semi custom or custom?
output: cabinet doors. are these framed or frameless? thanks

input: where can the stools be found?
target: stools . where can the stools be found? thanks!
output: stools. where can the stools be found? thank you!

input: can you please tell me window height and kitchen ceiling height?
target: window/ceiling . can you please tell me window height and kitchen ceiling height? thank you
output: window. can you please tell me window height and kitchen ceiling height? thanks!

input: is the faucet chrome, stainless steel, brushed or satin, etc?
target: what finish is the faucet on the farm sink? is the faucet chrome, stainless steel, brushed or satin, etc? thanks! beautiful kitchen!
output: is the faucet chrome, stainless steel, brushed or satin, etc? what brand is the faucet? i'm guessing this is the same brand for my kitchen. i'm guessing it is chrome or satin, etc?

input: would you please share what's the trim used for backsplash tiles?
target: backsplash tile trim . would you please share what's the trim used for backsplash tiles? metal strip?
output: backsplash trim. would you please share what's the trim used for backsplash tiles? thanks!

input: could you provide actual brand and color of backsplash please
target: tile brand . have samples of glass and frosted tile but am not sure if i can achieve this same look. could you provide actual brand and color of backsplash please
output: backsplash. could you provide actual brand and color of backsplash please

input: i am purchasing this same tile for my backsplash and i want to mix the matte and glossy, but wondering how labor intensive that was?
target: love the mix of matte and glossy tile, was this difficult? i am purchasing this same tile for my backsplash and i want to mix the matte and glossy, but wondering how labor intensive that was? does this tile come in mesh sheets that you had to cut apart in order to mix them? or are they individual tiles already?
output: what is the grain grain size and matte finish? i am purchasing this same tile for my backsplash and i want to mix the matte and glossy, but wondering how labor intensive that was? thank you!

input: are the tiles in the backsplash different depths?
target: are the tiles in the backsplash different depths? love the backsplash. it appears to have dimension. is that because you used two different materials?
output: are the tiles in the backsplash different depths? i love this! what is the dimension?

input: any details on type or stain color?
target: floors . i love this flooring! any details on type or stain color? thank you!
output: floors? any details on type or stain color? thanks

input: do you happen to have the dimensions?
target: window dimension . lovely window! i would like something similar. do you happen to have the dimensions?
output: dimensions. do you happen to have the dimensions? thanks!

input: are there grout lines andamp.
target: backsplash . it doesn't look like there is visible grout. are there grout lines andamp. if so what color was used? thank you!
output: backsplash. are there grout lines andamp. thanks

input: what are the dimensions of this kitchen?
target: dimensions . what are the dimensions of this kitchen? it is beautiful. also, where is the fridge located?
output: what are the dimensions of this kitchen? i love this layout and am trying to figure out if i need to do this in my new home. i'm planning on doing this in my new home.

input: what color are they and is it granite or quartz or something else?
target: countertops!!! i love the countertops! what color are they and is it granite or quartz or something else? thanks!
output: countertops. what color are they and is it granite or quartz or something else? thanks

input: don't know how to get it though since i don't know who makes it and what it's called.
target: what is the color and manufacturer of the backsplash tiles? i'm doing a new backsplash and like this blue. don't know how to get it though since i don't know who makes it and what it's called. thanks, w.
output: what is the manufacturer and what type of hood? i am planning on using this hood as my inspiration for my new kitchen. don't know how to get it though since i don't know who makes it and what it's called. thanks

input: could you tell me the paint color of the cabinets and island?
target: paint color . perfect kitchen! could you tell me the paint color of the cabinets and island? thank you!
output: paint color. could you tell me the paint color of the cabinets and island? thank you!

input: love the kitchen, can you tell me the dimensions of the upper cabinets next to range?
target: upper cabinets dimensions . love the kitchen, can you tell me the dimensions of the upper cabinets next to range? they seem to be a little different to me. thank you
output: dimensions. love the kitchen, can you tell me the dimensions of the upper cabinets next to range? thanks!

input: where are they from?
target: i love these counter height stools. where are they from? thanks!
output: chandeliers. where are they from? chandeliers?

input: i was just curious what the overall dimension of the kitchen was.
target: kitchen dimensions . this appears to be almost identical to my layout including the size of the island. i was just curious what the overall dimension of the kitchen was. thanks!
output: kitchen dimensions. i was just curious what the overall dimension of the kitchen was. thank you

input: why did you decide to layout the tile pattern this way rather than the typical subway tile pattern?
target: backsplash tile pattern . why did you decide to layout the tile pattern this way rather than the typical subway tile pattern? i like it very much.
output: tile pattern. why did you decide to layout the tile pattern this way rather than the typical subway tile pattern? i'm planning on doing this in my new home and i'm hoping this is the best example i've seen!

input: is this island 36" high?
target: island height . is this island 36" high? thanks.
output: island. is this island 36" high? thanks

input: would love to hear more about the profit and installation with sink in island.
target: countertop. neolith? i saw that you said the countertop is porcelain. is this neolith? i am looking into doing neolith for my island. would love to hear more about the profit and installation with sink in island.
output: what is the cost of the sink and sink. would love to hear more about the profit and installation with sink in island. i have a client that wants this installed and i want to do it in my kitchen.

input: please share the hood details?
target: hood details? beautiful design! please share the hood details?
output: hood details? please share the hood details? thank you.

input: does this pose a problem for multiple people in the kitchen?
target: fridge and ovens . can you have the oven and fridge open at the same time? does this pose a problem for multiple people in the kitchen? how many inches in between them? i'm thinking of a similar layout for my kitchen. thanks in advance for your help.
output: how do i get the oven oven? does this pose a problem for multiple people in the kitchen? i'm planning on doing ovens in this style but i'm worried it won't come close to being a microwave.

input: what are the dimensions of the island, specifically the countertop and overhang?
target: island . what are the dimensions of the island, specifically the countertop and overhang? thanks
output: what are the dimensions of the island, specifically the countertop and overhang? what are the dimensions of the island, specifically the countertop and overhang? thank you!

input: can you tell us what they are or where to purchase them?
target: pendants . i really like the pendant lighting! can you tell us what they are or where to purchase them?
output: pendants. can you tell us what they are or where to purchase them? thanks!

input: can you tell me where the chairs are from?
target: nice re.do! can you tell me where the chairs are from? thanks so much!
output: chairs. can you tell me where the chairs are from? thank you!

input: please share where he back splash is from?
target: back splash . beautiful kitchen with great use of space. please share where he back splash is from?
output: back splash. beautiful kitchen! please share where he back splash is from?

input: could you tell me the dimensions?
target: i love the kitchen. could you tell me the dimensions? i would like to do a similar layout in my kitchen but now sure if i have adequate sq footage
output: dimensions. could you tell me the dimensions? thanks!

input: how tall are the ceilings and what is your back splash and counter top .
target: how tall are the ceilings and what is your back splash and counter top . i like your combination of colors, white and blue with natural wood! someone will have to get a ladder to reach out of those upper cabinets .)
output: how tall are the ceilings and what is your back splash and counter top. i love the idea of using this in my kitchen. i have 9 ft ceilings and i want to do this in my new house.

input: i am having a problem finding a dark brown stain for cabinets.can you make a suggestion ?
target: dark brown stain . help ! i am having a problem finding a dark brown stain for cabinets.can you make a suggestion ?
output: what stain stain? i am having a problem finding a dark brown stain for cabinets. can you make a suggestion?

input: what type of flooring?
target: flooring . what type of flooring? what color?
output: flooring? what type of flooring? what is the stain color?

input: we love granite backsplash so if river white isn't available, do you still have the cashmere available?
target: love it! are you able to get river white granite for backsplash? we were told river white granite in 3/4" thickness for the backsplash was not available. we love granite backsplash so if river white isn't available, do you still have the cashmere available?
output: backsplash. we love granite backsplash so if river white isn't available, do you still have the cashmere available? thanks!

input: do you know where or of anyone in dallas that has these cabinets please?
target: cabinets . do you know where or of anyone in dallas that has these cabinets please? i love them!
output: cabinets. do you know where or of anyone in dallas that has these cabinets please? i'm in the middle of a new construction project and i'm planning on a similar look.

input: what type of venting do you have over your range?
target: venting . what type of venting do you have over your range? i love the cabinets and am interested in doing some type of "hidden" hood vent over our range . this looks amazing!
output: venting. what type of venting do you have over your range? i need to install a vent. thanks!

input: also the wall oven how far away is island from it?
target: island cabinets . what did you put in island along with sink? i have almost the same dimensions for our galley kitchen. am perplexed about storage space. also the wall oven how far away is island from it?
output: island. what is the length of this island? also the wall oven how far away is island from it? thank you

input: how much does the kick/base of the island stick out beyond the cabinet .
target: how much does the kick/base of the island stick out beyond the cabinet . does the kick plate on the island protrude by 1/2" or 1/4"? we really like this kitchen! thanks!
output: how much does the kick/base of the island stick out beyond the cabinet. i have a question and i am planning on doing something similar. i have a client that wants to do this in my new house. i would love to know the approximate size of this island. thanks.

input: i'm wondering what the dimensions are and also of the island.
target: love this kitchen. dimensions . hi, i would love this kitchen. i'm wondering what the dimensions are and also of the island. thanks!
output: dimensions. i'm wondering what the dimensions are and also of the island. thank you

input: what is the material andamp.
target: countertop . what is the material andamp. color of the countertops?
output: love the backsplash. what is the material andamp. how much space do you put?

input: what is the floor?
target: what is the floor? type and color? thanks!
output: what is the floor? is that hardwood? what is the floor?

input: are the countertops quartz?
target: quartz . are the countertops quartz? if so, what color?
output: are the countertops quartz? what color/stain? thanks

input: could you tell me what the navy paint color and brand is please?
target: lovin' the navy paint color . could you tell me what the navy paint color and brand is please? love it!
output: navy paint color and brand. could you tell me what the navy paint color and brand is please? thank you!

input: we just had our cabinets painted amazing gray and would like to add a glaze but aren't sure what to choose since we aren't familiar with using glaze.
target: glaze color over paint on cabinets? love the cabinet color! i noticed that you replied to an earlier post where you mentioned using a glaze over the amazing gray paint color. we just had our cabinets painted amazing gray and would like to add a glaze but aren't sure what to choose since we aren't familiar with using glaze. thanks in advance for any help you can provide!
output: glaze color. we just had our cabinets painted amazing gray and would like to add a glaze but aren't sure what to choose since we aren't familiar with using glaze.

input: what is the type of countertop and color.
target: what color is the countertop . what is the type of countertop and color. please and thank you. very beautiful kitchen!
output: what is the type of countertop and color. i love the color on cabinets and backsplash. what is the type of countertop and color. thank you

input: do you know the manufacturer or style?
target: brick is so nice! i love the look, and i'm having problems finding a similar brick. do you know the manufacturer or style?
output: love the pendant lights! do you know the manufacturer or style? thanks

input: did you white.wash brick or veneer?
target: how was the backsplash created? did you white.wash brick or veneer? beautiful kitchen!!
output: ceiling. did you white. wash brick or veneer? thanks

input: mind sharing the cabinet color?
target: cabinet color . mind sharing the cabinet color? thank you
output: cabinet color. mind sharing the cabinet color? thank you

input: did you put in a polish nickel faucet?
target: love the light bronze pulls. did you put in a polish nickel faucet? my kitchen is hanging by a knob decision. :) i have a black quartzite with white veining on the perimeter white island has a white marble top. i love the ashley norton pulls was wondering if it will clash with my faucets which are polished nickel. thank you so much for your kind feedback!
output: brass faucets. did you put in a polish nickel faucet? what brand did you use?

input: please give me the brand or where i may find them, i've found similar but i love the simplicity of these.
target: where did the pendent lights come from? please give me the brand or where i may find them, i've found similar but i love the simplicity of these. tia kathy
output: where did you get the table? please give me the brand or where i may find them, i've found similar but i love the simplicity of these.

input: we are having our cabinet maker build a vent hood very similar to the one shown in the picture, but are having a hard time finding many good options for the vent hood insert to install inside the cabinet to accommodate the dimensions of the cabinetry.
target: do you happen to know the vent hood insert brand? we are having our cabinet maker build a vent hood very similar to the one shown in the picture, but are having a hard time finding many good options for the vent hood insert to install inside the cabinet to accommodate the dimensions of the cabinetry. do you have any idea what brand insert they used on this project? i am thrilled to have found the photos of this project. it's as if you created the kitchen i've been seeing in my head and made it a reality! now some of the lingering questions and dilemmas i've been having on the design process have been answered with all of your thorough responses. thank you so much for your willingness to share!
output: what is the dimensions of the vent hood? we are having our cabinet maker build a vent hood very similar to the one shown in the picture, but are having a hard time finding many good options for the vent hood insert to install inside the cabinet to accommodate the dimensions of the upper cabinets. thanks!

input: what is the exact color and make of the granite counters that look like soapstone?
target: granite . hello. what is the exact color and make of the granite counters that look like soapstone? beautiful!
output: granite color. what is the exact color and make of the granite counters that look like soapstone? thank you!

input: can you tell me the wall color
target: wall color question . live this kitchen . can you tell me the wall color
output: wall color. can you tell me the wall color

input: could you please share the dimensions of this island?
target: island . your work is beautiful.all of it! could you please share the dimensions of this island?
output: island dimensions. could you please share the dimensions of this island? thank you!

input: what wood was used for island?
target: what wood was used for island? it isn’t painted white, is it? it looks like wood of some sort.
output: what wood was used for island? it looks like it's a pine flooring. what wood was used for island?

input: can you tell me the about the floors?
target: love this kitchen . can you tell me the about the floors? type and color
output: can you tell me the about the floors? color? what is the stain? thanks!

input: what is the island slab and countertops?
target: island and countertop material . what is the island slab and countertops? i love the white and gray. thank you!
output: what is the island slab and countertops? i love this kitchen! what is the island slab and countertops? thank you!

input: any chance you know the ceiling height for this space?
target: any chance you know the ceiling height for this space? trying to decide if our cabinets go all the way to the ceiling or not. thank you!
output: this is a beautiful kitchen! any chance you know the ceiling height for this space? thanks!

input: what white was used?
target: whites are hard to choose! what white was used? for the walls and ship lap. this is my fav kitchen!
output: what white was used? it looks like it is stained. what white was used?

input: what type of wood and stain was used for the island?
target: what type of wood and stain was used for the island? this is exactly the look i am after for our new home! i hope you can provide a bit of info! love it!
output: what type of wood and stain was used for the island? it looks like it's natural pine. what is the stain?

input: where were these purchased?
target: pendants . where were these purchased? i have seen similar ones but this particular style i really like and would like to purchase. thank you.
output: love the chairs. where were these purchased? thank you.

input: what type of tongue and groove ceiling is this (v.groove, standard t andamp.
target: ceiling? love everything about this kitchen! what type of tongue and groove ceiling is this (v.groove, standard t andamp. g flooring)? also, do you recommend t andamp. g over doing shiplap?
output: ceiling. what type of tongue and groove ceiling is this(v. groove, standard t andamp. g) ? is it a 36" or 36" ? what type of ceiling is this(v. groove, standard t andamp. cost? thanks!

input: do you have a source for the pulls and kitchen sink?
target: sink and cabinet pulls . stunning kitchen. do you have a source for the pulls and kitchen sink? thank you!
output: pulls and cabinet pulls. do you have a source for the pulls and kitchen sink? what are they called?

input: can you tell me the manufacture.
target: island legs . i have a client that loves the island legs. can you tell me the manufacture. please? thanks
output: what is the range hood? can you tell me the manufacture. thanks

input: could you tell me the material and color of the perimeter counter.
target: love this kitchen . could you tell me the material and color of the perimeter counter. i have white dove cabinets and im afraid i willl pick out a counter that will make them look yellow! you nailed this!
output: what is the material and color of this counter. could you tell me the material and color of the perimeter counter. thank you

input: can you please tell me who manufactured this beautiful cooper hood?
target: lizzie . can you please tell me who manufactured this beautiful cooper hood? thanks!
output: can you please tell me who manufactured this beautiful cooper hood? thank you. it's beautiful!

input: can you tell me trim and cabinet color?
target: trim and cabinet color . i love your work! well done with your attention to detail! can you tell me trim and cabinet color? thank you!
output: trim and cabinet color. i love this kitchen! can you tell me trim and cabinet color? thanks

input: could you share the island dimensions?
target: island size. could you share the island dimensions? your work is exquisite.thanks!
output: island dimensions? this is a beautiful kitchen! could you share the island dimensions?

input: can you tell me the type floor .
target: so gorgeous! can you tell me the type floor . reclaimed?
output: what type of floor is this? can you tell me the type floor. thanks

input: was wondering if that is ok?
target: copper sink . i am dying to have a farmhouse copper sink! we are going with a slighlty off white cabinets with brushed bronze and copper accent hardware. was wondering if that is ok? we are not sure if we are doing a dark wood island but more towards not. what are your thoughts? is the contrast ok?
output: love the chairs! what is the material? was wondering if that is ok?

input: could you tell me about the chandelier?
target: chandelier . could you tell me about the chandelier? it's beautiful.
output: chandelier. could you tell me about the chandelier? it's beautiful!

input: using white dove on the cabinets what color tile did you use for back splash?
target: using white dove on the cabinets what color tile did you use for back splash? was it a pure white? thanks !
output: what color tile did you use? using white dove on the cabinets what color tile did you use for back splash? thank you

input: what colour and type of paint is on the wall?
target: what colour and type of paint is on the wall? i am in love with this kitchen! it says home! and in awe of your companies diversity in design, having just looked at one of your modern builds.
output: what colour and type of paint is on the wall? this is a beautiful kitchen. i'm planning on doing something similar.

input: could you please tell me what the countertops are and what color?
target: countertops . could you please tell me what the countertops are and what color? thanks! beautiful kitchen!
output: countertops. could you please tell me what the countertops are and what color? thank you!

input: i love the wall color with the white cabinets.what's the wall color?
target: what is the wall color? i love the wall color with the white cabinets.what's the wall color? thanks!
output: what is the wall color? i love the wall color with the white cabinets. what's the wall color? thanks!

input: do you know the exact color underneath the dark coffee glaze?
target: what are the colors used on the cabinets? i am looking to replicate this color. in your earlier comment you mention you started with a color similar to benjamin moore gray mist but that color is almost creme colored, not nearly as blue/green/gray as this picture. do you know the exact color underneath the dark coffee glaze?
output: what is the color on the cabinets? do you know the exact color underneath the dark coffee glaze? thank you

input: is the cabinet to the right of the hood really wood fronted?
target: cabinetface . is the cabinet to the right of the hood really wood fronted? it looks like horn or something else. please elaborated. thanks
output: cabinet door. is the cabinet to the right of the hood really wood fronted? is the cabinet to the right of the hood really wood fronted? thanks

input: can you tell me who the manufacturer is?
target: same hood not shown below price tag . hi love your design's i clicked the tag on the hood but do not see it below. can you tell me who the manufacturer is? thanks so much!!
output: can you tell me who the manufacturer is? thanks. i love this kitchen!

input: any guidance where i could purchase?
target: love the rug! any guidance where i could purchase? brand?
output: any guidance where i could purchase? thanks! any guidance where i could purchase?

input: would you mind sharing the paint you used for the cabinets?
target: what paint color are the cabinets?? amazing kitchen!! would you mind sharing the paint you used for the cabinets? i am thinking about refinishing my kitchen cabinets and i think this color can work perfectly!! thank you!
output: paint color. would you mind sharing the paint you used for the cabinets? thank you!

input: what color appliances in small kitchen with white cabinets?
target: what color appliances in small kitchen with white cabinets? time to get new appliances. i have a very small kitchen in a condo that has white cabinets. the back splash is a jade green subway tile. i am concerned that the stainless might chop up the kitchen. it has a light silver granite and gray tile floors. it currently has white appliances.
output: what color appliances in small kitchen with white cabinets? i love the appliances. where can i get them?

input: could you please share where did you get the drawer pulls and what color/model are they?
target: drawer pulls . beautiful contemporary kitchen! could you please share where did you get the drawer pulls and what color/model are they? thanks!
output: drawer pulls. could you please share where did you get the drawer pulls and what color/model are they? thanks!

input: also, how large is the space between the island and refrigerator and the space behind the chairs?
target: size of island . can you give me the measurements of the island? and what is the size of the overhang? also, how large is the space between the island and refrigerator and the space behind the chairs? thank you!
output: what is the size of the refrigerator. also, how large is the space between the island and refrigerator and the space behind the chairs? thank you!

input: could you please let me know where the barstools were purchased?
target: source for the barstools . could you please let me know where the barstools were purchased? i love them!
output: bar stools. could you please let me know where the barstools were purchased? thank you!

input: what are the other colors used on the cabinets and walls?
target: paint colors used? what are the other colors used on the cabinets and walls? thanks!
output: what are the other colors used on the cabinets and walls? i love this! what are the other colors used on the cabinets and walls? thank you!

input: can you please tell me the brand of cabinet pulls?
target: cabinet pulls!!! can you please tell me the brand of cabinet pulls? thanks!
output: cabinet pulls. can you please tell me the brand of cabinet pulls? thank you!

input: what color is the island paint?
target: what color is the island??? what color is the island paint? who makes it?
output: island paint. what color is the island paint? thank you.

input: hi, what is the clearence you have from island to the cabinets where you positioned the 2 chairs?
target: clearance . hi, what is the clearence you have from island to the cabinets where you positioned the 2 chairs? thanks in advance!
output: clearance. hi, what is the clearence you have from island to the cabinets where you positioned the 2 chairs? thank you!

input: can you please tell me the dimensions of the kitchen island?
target: dimensions of kitchen island? and butcher block question. can you please tell me the dimensions of the kitchen island? the cabinet underneath and the counter on top? also, is there a finish on the butcher block countertop? thank you so much!
output: dimensions. can you please tell me the dimensions of the kitchen island? thank you!

input: good morning can you please share the brand and make of the chairs?
target: bar stools . good morning can you please share the brand and make of the chairs? thank you
output: chairs. good morning can you please share the brand and make of the chairs? thank you.

input: is the top of this island stained?
target: top of island . is the top of this island stained? if so, what color stain was used? please share! i love this look!
output: is the top of this island stained? if so, what color stain is on the top of the island? thanks!

input: what material is on the kitchen backsplash?
target: great looking kitchen! what material is on the kitchen backsplash? thanks.
output: what material is on the kitchen backsplash? love the backsplash! thanks

input: could you tell me about the flooring, manufacture, color, etc.
target: updating kitchen . could you tell me about the flooring, manufacture, color, etc. also the island color. thank you
output: flooring? could you tell me about the flooring, manufacture, color, etc. thanks

input: where did the lights come from?
target: where did the lights come from? i absolutely love the dark look of these antique, gothic style lights. my husband and i are planning on remodeling our downstairs, so we are looking for the perfect fixtures to use. since we're both a fan of antique, gothic style products, we will be sure to find some lights like the ones in this picture. http://www.herwig.com/lanterns
output: where did the lights come from? love them! i'm in love with this!

input: is there a tip/trick in mixing metals of the same type of pull?
target: the somerset weston pulls (mixing finishes) . i love that you were mixing the somerset weston pull finishes! is there a tip/trick in mixing metals of the same type of pull? esp with faucet finishes, etc?
output: what type of seal is that? is there a tip/trick in mixing metals of the same type of pull? what is the brand andamp. where did you get it?

input: what brand and model of floor is this?
target: love the floor . what brand and model of floor is this? looks beautiful.
output: what brand and model of floor is this? is it wood or engineered? what is the stain color?

input: what color is the gray paint on the left hand wall here?
target: paint . what color is the gray paint on the left hand wall here? thank you
output: paint color. what color is the gray paint on the left hand wall here? thank you

input: what kind of wood was used for the floor?
target: white oak floors? what kind of wood was used for the floor? is it white oak? what is a swedish finish?
output: what kind of wood was used for the floor? is it wood or fir? what is the wood color?

input: would love to duplicate on the end of our work island!
target: island overhang . can you tell me the width of overhang at widest? would love to duplicate on the end of our work island! any additional details appreciated.
output: island. would love to duplicate on the end of our work island! it looks like the end of the island is in two. thanks!

input: is there a name for the style?
target: sink . where did you get the sink? is there a name for the style? i like the angled front
output: is there a name for the style? what is the name of the style? is there a name for the style?

input: how did you bear the weight of the second floor once you moved the wall back 3 feet?
target: how difficult was it to move the wall? was it load bearing? how did you bear the weight of the second floor once you moved the wall back 3 feet?
output: how did you bear the weight of the second floor once you moved the wall back 3 feet? this is a beautiful kitchen!

input: are the little grey tiles between the red ones also "canvas glazed porcelain" tiles?
target: love the backsplash . are the little grey tiles between the red ones also "canvas glazed porcelain" tiles? thank you!
output: backsplash. are the little grey tiles between the red ones also" canvas glazed porcelain" tiles? i'm doing a similar project and would love to do something similar.

input: stain, and finish did you use to get your floors to look natural without looking too golden?
target: what type of floors, stain, and finish? what type of floors. stain, and finish did you use to get your floors to look natural without looking too golden?
output: what type of wood, stain, and finish? stain, and finish did you use to get your floors to look natural without looking too golden?

input: would you share the door style from bellmont?
target: lovely . would you share the door style from bellmont? many thanks!
output: door style from bellmont? beautiful! would you share the door style from bellmont? thanks!

input: may i know what backsplash was used and who makes the vent hood?
target: beautiful . this kitchen looks amazing. may i know what backsplash was used and who makes the vent hood?
output: backsplash. may i know what backsplash was used and who makes the vent hood? thanks!

input: if possible, please also include stain color?
target: floors? what type of floors are pictured? if possible, please also include stain color? beautiful!
output: floors? what type of floors are these? are they real floors? if possible, please also include stain color?

input: love the floors, can you share any details?
target: love the floors, can you share any details? it looks like a wood grain plank tile, but i can't really tell. thanks.
output: love the floors, can you share any details? what is the stain? thanks!

input: marble or quartz?
target: love the backsplash. marble or quartz? slab? appreciate the name.
output: marble or quartz? marble or quartz? what is the name?

input: please inform of the material above the range and below the hood that matches the shiplap where to find it.
target: above ranges below hood . please inform of the material above the range and below the hood that matches the shiplap where to find it. thank you
output: above range. please inform of the material above the range and below the hood that matches the shiplap where to find it. thanks

input: i'm trying to determine what questions to ask to make sure that my 12 x 5 ft island is fabricated correctly.
target: kitchen island size . this kitchen island is beautiful! can you tell me the dimensions of the island and also if there is a seam in the top? i'm trying to determine what questions to ask to make sure that my 12 x 5 ft island is fabricated correctly. i haven't been able to find options without a seam being a factor in the design.
output: i'm trying to determine what questions to ask to make sure that my 12 x 5 ft island is fabricated correctly. i'm trying to determine what questions to ask to make sure that my 12 x 5 ft island is fabricated correctly. thanks!

input: what is the size of the kitchen?
target: kitchen size . love this kitchen! what is the size of the kitchen? it is so dreamy!
output: what is the size of the kitchen? i love this layout. what is the size of the kitchen?

input: did you custom paint the sashes or was that an option from the manufacturer?
target: window . can you share the window manufacturer? did you custom paint the sashes or was that an option from the manufacturer?
output: window sashes. did you custom paint the sashes or was that an option from the manufacturer? i have a similar window and am looking for one in my new home.

input: where did you put the fridge?
target: beautiful! where did you put the fridge? to the left or right?
output: where did you put the fridge? love it! where can i get it?

input: island and cabinets, as well as wood floor?
target: island and cabinets, as well as wood floor? i love everything about this room. what color are the kitchen cabinets? what wood/stain is the island? and the wood floor? thank you!
output: what is the flooring? island and cabinets, as well as wood floor? what is the wood floor?

input: may i ask are these the middle or the largest size they offer?
target: pendant lights . these look like pendants from circa. may i ask are these the middle or the largest size they offer?
output: what size is the pantry? this pantry looks like 4x4. may i ask are these the middle or the largest size they offer?

input: what is the cabinet color?
target: what is the cabinet color? it's beautiful! cabinet color? thanks!
output: what is the cabinet color? love the cabinets! what is the cabinet color?

input: i love the countertop, is it quartz or marble?
target: love the countertop is it marble or quartz? i love the countertop, is it quartz or marble? thanks for any info and yes the appliance garage is also nice, looking into that as well.
output: countertop. what is the material? i love the countertop, is it quartz or marble? thanks

input: what finish and style is the cabinet hardware?
target: cabinet hardware . gorgeous! what finish and style is the cabinet hardware?
output: cabinet hardware. what finish and style is the cabinet hardware? thanks

input: i want a straight pull up door with hinges about 38 x 13 inches to cover the cabinet where my microwave is currently.
target: can i get an estimated price on either just hinges for a straight pull . i want a straight pull up door with hinges about 38 x 13 inches to cover the cabinet where my microwave is currently. how do you sell them? only the hinges or with a door attached? how much do they cost for a wooden cabinet door panel?
output: pull out door. i want a straight pull up door with hinges about 38 x 13 inches to cover the cabinet where my microwave is currently. i want a straight pull up door with hinges about 38 x 13 inches to cover the cabinet where my microwave is currently. thanks

input: i am currently remodeling my kitchen, and wondered if there is a formula to determine what size pull to put on what size drawers.
target: kitchen handles . your kitchen design is beautiful, and i thank you so much for sharing your professional resources with everyone. i am currently remodeling my kitchen, and wondered if there is a formula to determine what size pull to put on what size drawers. i have 42", 30", 24" and 18" drawers. i would greatly appreciate any help you can provide. i am planning on using the same empire handles you did!
output: what is the size of the cabinets? i am currently remodeling my kitchen, and wondered if there is a formula to determine what size pull to put on what size drawers. thanks

input: can you please share what this is?
target: what is the floor? it is hard to find a light, contemporary floor. can you please share what this is? love the entire look
output: what is the flooring? this is a beautiful flooring. can you please share what this is? thank you!

input: where are the soap dispensers?
target: where are soap dispensers? looks nice, but not realistic. where are the soap dispensers?
output: where are the soap dispensers? i love the kitchen! where are the soap dispensers? thank you!

input: where can i find those shelves?
target: where can i find those shelves? they are great! im looking for floating natural wood shelves like these as i am using a similar tile and look.
output: where can i find those shelves? please provide details on the placement and size of the shelves. i have a customer that wants these and i want to do something similar.

input: can you please tell me if the ceiling is repose gray as well?
target: ceiling color . i, also, love the cabinet/wall color combination. can you please tell me if the ceiling is repose gray as well?
output: ceiling color. can you please tell me if the ceiling is repose gray as well? thanks

input: do you know what the stain color is?
target: barn door! love it! do you know what the stain color is? and who makes it?
output: stain color. do you know what the stain color is? thanks

input: when was this kitchen remodeled?
target: love this whole look! i am tryilng to find the brick veneer . i am trying to locate culpepper brick veneer and i can't seem to find it at any general shale distributors. when was this kitchen remodeled? i wonder if the name has been changed. i am using the same colors in my remodel and want the same brick if possible! thanks so much!
output: when was this kitchen remodeled? love it! thank you!

input: what is the height of the ceiling?
target: measurements . what is the height of the ceiling? backsplash? space in.between the shelves? thanks in advance!!
output: ceiling. what is the height of the ceiling? thanks!

input: can you please tell me if the pot racks and lights are all one unit?
target: pot rack/lights . can you please tell me if the pot racks and lights are all one unit? was this purchased or custom made? very nice kitchen! thank you
output: pot rack and lights. can you please tell me if the pot racks and lights are all one unit? thank you!

input: is that a fake brick linoleum floor?
target: linoleum? is that a fake brick linoleum floor? that might be a little too retro.
output: linoleum? is that a fake brick linoleum floor? what is the stain?

input: could you please give me the name and source of the paint or source of the cabinets?
target: great cabinet color! were the cabinets painted or custom ordered in that color? could you please give me the name and source of the paint or source of the cabinets? thanks.
output: cabinet paint color. could you please give me the name and source of the paint or source of the cabinets? thank you!

input: enlarge photo???
target: enlarge photo??? my iphone can't enrage photos. frustrating. idea?
output: enlarge photo? ? ? i'm trying to do something similar.

input: what is your cabinet paint color?
target: paint color . what is your cabinet paint color? thank you, this is a nice project.
output: cabinet paint color? what is your cabinet paint color? thank you!

input: distance from back edge of island to far side of table/chairs?
target: dimensions of island/table . hi, how long /deep is the island? distance from back edge of island to far side of table/chairs? thanks!
output: dimensions of island. distance from back edge of island to far side of table/chairs? thank you!

input: is that frosted glass on the front of the cabinets?
target: is that frosted glass on the front of the cabinets? i'm in love with this kitchen. love everything about it. does the viking refrigerator come in other colors? not that blue isn't nice. just wondering.
output: is that frosted glass on the front of the cabinets? what is the name of this kitchen? what is the name of it?

input: where can i purchase this same one .
target: love the island!!! where can i purchase this same one . all wood butcher block island
output: love the stools! where can i purchase this same one. thank you.

input: where can i find those bar stools?
target: where can i find those bar stools? thanks! beautiful
output: where can i find those bar stools? please and thank you. love this kitchen!

input: hi, what is the clearance between the counter and the island.
target: clearance between counters and island . hi, what is the clearance between the counter and the island. thank you in advance for you answer!
output: clearance between counters and island. hi, what is the clearance between the counter and the island. thank you

input: could you please share the maker of the counter stools?
target: counter stools? could you please share the maker of the counter stools? they are lovely! thank you.
output: could you please share the maker of the counter stools? thank you! thank you!

input: durning can you tell me if the granite stains, scratches?
target: beautiful kitchen! a favourite! durning can you tell me if the granite stains, scratches? if it's just crumbs and dust i can live with that. did you consider soapstone? i'm curious.so hard to figure out.
output: granite color. durning can you tell me if the granite stains, scratches? thanks

input: durning can you tell me if the granite stains, scratches?
target: beautiful kitchen! a favourite! durning can you tell me if the granite stains, scratches? if it's just crumbs and dust i can live with that. did you consider soapstone? i'm curious.so hard to figure out.
output: granite color. durning can you tell me if the granite stains, scratches? thanks

input: does the backsplash vary in shape throughout the kitchen?
target: is the backsplash white with diamond cut? does the backsplash vary in shape throughout the kitchen? thank you!
output: backsplash. does the backsplash vary in shape throughout the kitchen? what is the dimension?

input: is black pearl much different than absolute black?
target: is black honed granite harder to keep clean? we have white shaker cabinets and will be using white appliances. i like the idea of the contrasting black but wondered about fingerprints, dust, etc. it was suggested that i use honed black pearl. is black pearl much different than absolute black?
output: black pearl vs absolute black is it possible to see the cabinet color in this picture? is black pearl much different than absolute black? what is the color?

input: i was wondering what color grout you used?
target: grout color . i have ordered a sample of the tile. i was wondering what color grout you used?
output: grout color? i was wondering what color grout you used? thanks

input: how much space is there between the island and range?
target: island . what are the dimensions of the island? how much space is there between the island and range?
output: how much space is there between the island and range? i love this! thank you!

input: suggestion for coordinating paint?
target: suggestion for coordinating paint? hi erin, this is our favorite kitchen on houzz! we have selected several similar finishes for our renovation, but we are stumped on our island base paint, we want a color in a dusty teal color to really catch the iridescence of the susan jablon tile. suggestions on brand or color?
output: suggestion for coordinating paint? hi there, i'm writing a book on cabinet paint. i'm trying to decide which color to go with.

input: would it be too distracting to have orb in this serene kitchen?
target: hardware in oil rubbed bronze. i would love to mimic this look. white cabinets and same tile. we have oil rubbed bronze throughout the house. would it be too distracting to have orb in this serene kitchen?
output: would it be too distracting to have orb in this serene kitchen? i would like to do something similar in my kitchen. thank you!

input: can you tell me what product was used to seal the counter top?
target: quartzite . love the counter top. i just remodeled a bath using quartzite. aquarella. can you tell me what product was used to seal the counter top?
output: what product was used to seal the counter top? can you tell me what product was used to seal the counter top? thank you

input: can you tell me where you got them?
target: cabinets inset . are all the cabinets inset? can you tell me where you got them?
output: pendants. can you tell me where you got them? thanks!

input: can you tell me what you used for the tile edges that did not end against a wall?
target: tile edge . hi erin, gorgeous job! love it so much, i'm ordering the tiles for my back splash. can you tell me what you used for the tile edges that did not end against a wall? i have an area where the tiles will end and the wall paint color continues. thank you.
output: tile edge. can you tell me what you used for the tile edges that did not end against a wall? i have been looking for that color and i haven't picked a tile i'm looking for.

input: can you please tell me the square footage of the kitchen/family room space?
target: square footage? can you please tell me the square footage of the kitchen/family room space? thanks!
output: square footage. can you please tell me the square footage of the kitchen/family room space? thank you!

input: wall color ?
target: wall color ? so pretty . love the paint color. please share the color name and number.
output: wall color? beautiful! what is the paint color?

input: or if made, how is it made, especially the support.
target: this kitchen is beautiful . so much to admire . my question is about the banquette . i am doing one in my kitchen. where did you get the table (can it be purchased?) or if made, how is it made, especially the support. also what material is used for the upholstery. thank you so much.
output: love the table! what is the size of the table? or if made, how is it made, especially the support. thanks!

input: could you tell me what paint finish is used on the coiffured ceiling?
target: coiffured ceiling . love this room. could you tell me what paint finish is used on the coiffured ceiling?
output: coiffured ceiling. could you tell me what paint finish is used on the coiffured ceiling? thank you!

input: was is bm snowfall or decorator's white?
target: cabinet paint . snowfall or decorator's white? you mention 2 different cabinet colors in the comments so i'm a little confused about which one was actually used on these cabinets. was is bm snowfall or decorator's white? thanks!
output: snowfall? was is bm snowfall or decorator's white? thank you!

input: and are there any maintenance issues with the white farmhouse sinks as far as staining?
target: backsplash tiles and sink?! i love this kitchen! could you tell me about the backsplash tiles? and are there any maintenance issues with the white farmhouse sinks as far as staining? love the look but don't want to worry about cleaning all the time.
output: white farmhouse sinks. what is the maintenance of this kitchen? and are there any maintenance issues with the white farmhouse sinks as far as staining?

input: can you please tell me what knobs and pulls you used.
target: hardware . can you please tell me what knobs and pulls you used. they are very pretty.
output: knobs and pulls. can you please tell me what knobs and pulls you used. thanks

input: what color is this?
target: working on my dream kitchen . i finally found my dream kitchen! i would like to reface my cabinets/paint them the same color as these from the picture. what color is this?
output: what is the wall color? what color is this? thank you

input: what are they and where are they from?
target: tiles behind sink . i love the tiles behind the sink. what are they and where are they from?
output: love the chairs. what are they and where are they from? thank you!

input: i would like to know what the island counter top is .
target: i would like to know what the island counter top is . please tell me what the island countertop is. thanks
output: i would like to know what the island counter top is. thank you! i would like to know what the island counter top is. thanks

input: can you please tell me the make?
target: hi the island sink looks to have a baby blue cast to it. can you please tell me the make? thank you!
output: hi there, i love the cabinet maker. can you please tell me the make? thank you!

input: hardware for this drawer custom made or available commercially?
target: hardware for this drawer custom made or available commercially? love! i love the knife block and spots for tools and oils too!! i must have this!
output: hardware for this drawer custom made or available commercially? i have a customer wanting a drawer with the name of it. thank you!

input: who is the manufacturer of the cabinets and what is the color?
target: i have 4 questions for a fabulous kitchen . who is the manufacturer of the cabinets and what is the color? who is the manufacturer of the countertops and the color? who manufacturers the cabinet drawer pulls? who makes the pot rack?
output: what is the cabinet color and color? who is the manufacturer of the cabinets and what is the color? thanks!

input: approx what size of house is this plan?
target: square footage . approx what size of house is this plan? do you have anymore exterior shots? beautiful!! thank you!
output: square footage. approx what size of house is this plan? thanks

input: what is the size of the island and clearance for seating?
target: what is the size of the island and clearance for seating? thank you! our kitchen is being remodeled to look like this! you did a fantastic job.
output: what is the size of the island and clearance for seating? thank you! this is a beautiful kitchen!

input: also, is are the seat and back rest of the banquette upholstered?
target: lovely design! the kitchen is absolutely beautiful. lovely work. would you mind sharing the dimensions of the banquette? also, is are the seat and back rest of the banquette upholstered?
output: love the banquette. what is the name of it. also, is are the seat and back rest of the banquette upholstered?

input: could you please tell me what wood floor is used here?
target: wood floor . could you please tell me what wood floor is used here? thanks!
output: wood floor. could you please tell me what wood floor is used here? thank you!

input: what size plank did you use?
target: ceiling . is that a v groove ceiling? what size plank did you use?
output: ceiling. what size plank did you use? thanks

input: wondering if you can tell me the approximate size/shape of the kitchen?
target: dimensions or general sizing . this is a fantastic kitchen space! wondering if you can tell me the approximate size/shape of the kitchen? is there a floor plan by any chance? thank you in advance!
output: size of kitchen. wondering if you can tell me the approximate size/shape of the kitchen? thanks

input: hello, would you please tell me the height and width of the backsplash wall above that mini fridge?
target: what size is the backsplash wall? hello, would you please tell me the height and width of the backsplash wall above that mini fridge? we want to do the same backsplash but are concerned that this 20.5in tile will not look as good if we do not have a similar size wall. thanks so much!
output: what is the height of the backsplash wall? hello, would you please tell me the height and width of the backsplash wall above that mini fridge? thanks!

input: what brand of cabinets are these?
target: what brand of cabinets are these? are they framed cabinets? i’m looking for white framed cabinets like these. thank you!
output: what brand of cabinets are these? i love the cabinets. what is the color?

input: and if so what color?
target: countertop question . hello, i was wondering about the countertops. are they quartzit? and if so what color? thank you.
output: what is the wall color? and if so what color? thank you!

input: do you know of one?
target: similar quartz? i would like to know of a quartz that has a similar look. do you know of one? thanks!
output: love the chairs. do you know of one? thanks

input: can you tell me who makes it?
target: white island sink . can you tell me who makes it? thank you
output: love the cabinetry. can you tell me who makes it? thank you!

input: i would like to know if choosing marble is going to be much more expensive and also will it take there be more maintenance involved and how practical is the marble compared to the granite.
target: differnece between using marble verses granite . i would like to know if choosing marble is going to be much more expensive and also will it take there be more maintenance involved and how practical is the marble compared to the granite. thanks!
output: i love the marble! i would like to know if choosing marble is going to be much more expensive and also will it take there be more maintenance involved and how practical is the marble compared to the granite. thanks!

input: did the windows come with black trim or is that paint?
target: windows . did the windows come with black trim or is that paint? thanks
output: windows. did the windows come with black trim or is that paint? thanks

input: would you mind sharing the style and manufacturer of the cabinets?
target: name of style of cabinet . i love the style and color of the cabinets. would you mind sharing the style and manufacturer of the cabinets? also the name and manufacturer of the hardware? thanks so much
output: cabinets. would you mind sharing the style and manufacturer of the cabinets? thanks!

input: if so what is the name
target: granite? is this granite? if so what is the name
output: is this a 36" ceiling? if so what is the name

input: who is the manufacturer of these faucets?
target: vintage style faucets . who is the manufacturer of these faucets? thank you.
output: faucets. who is the manufacturer of these faucets? thanks!

input: most are ' off ' when compared to the marble ( too yellow or tan ) i love your cabinet white !!
target: cabinet paint color ? i'm remodeling my kitchen and we're using calacatta oro marble counter tops, and the kitchen has a box beam ceiling. i'm looking for a an honest white to show off the marble. most are ' off ' when compared to the marble ( too yellow or tan ) i love your cabinet white !! can you share the info with me ? thanks for showing off your project. i love your taste !
output: cabinetry. i love this! most are' off' when compared to the marble(too yellow or tan) i love your cabinet white! !

input: can you give me details like pa .
target: i love the cabinets and counter tops! can you give me details like pa . thank you:)
output: backsplash. can you give me details like pa. thanks.

input: can you please tell me if you used 15" or 12" pulls on the largest drawers?
target: kitchen remodel . absolutely love this kitchen. can you please tell me if you used 15" or 12" pulls on the largest drawers? thank you.
output: cabinet pulls. can you please tell me if you used 15" or 12" pulls on the largest drawers? thank you!

input: what are dimensions of island?
target: beautiful! what are dimensions of island? it's perfect . really perfect
output: what are dimensions of island? i would love to know the dimensions of this island. thanks!

input: what would you call the wooden accent strip beneath the farm sink?
target: wood accent beneath farm sinks . beautiful!! what would you call the wooden accent strip beneath the farm sink? i love this look but don't know what to call it! thank you!
output: wooden accent strip. what would you call the wooden accent strip beneath the farm sink? it's beautiful!

input: any luck finding tile origins?
target: any info on the tile . any luck finding tile origins? please and thank you
output: any info on the tile. any luck finding tile origins? thank you.

input: it adds depth.where could i find it please and thank you :)
target: hello . i just love the variation in the tile. it adds depth.where could i find it please and thank you :)
output: i love the pendant lights. it adds depth. where could i find it please and thank you: ) thank you.

input: who is the manufacturer or where can one purchase it?
target: beautiful sink . who is the manufacturer or where can one purchase it? thanks!
output: i love the chair. who is the manufacturer or where can one purchase it? thank you!

input: hello, could you please provide the name and manufacturer of the cabinet hardware?
target: cabinet hardware? hello, could you please provide the name and manufacturer of the cabinet hardware? thank you.
output: cabinet hardware. hello, could you please provide the name and manufacturer of the cabinet hardware? thank you.

input: where can i purchase the pot rack?
target: where can i purchase the pot rack? thank you . chrome . rectangle . two large bowl lights .
output: where can i purchase the pot rack? i love this kitchen! thank you.

input: could i please have more info on hood?
target: hood . could i please have more info on hood? is is stainless with a pewter finish?
output: hood. could i please have more info on hood? thank you.

input: would you mind sharing please the kind of stainless steel apron front sink that is?
target: sink . would you mind sharing please the kind of stainless steel apron front sink that is? i love it with its bar on the front and the overall look. thanks so much.
output: apron front sink. would you mind sharing please the kind of stainless steel apron front sink that is? i love it and would like to do something similar in my kitchen. thank you!

input: who is the manufacturer please ?
target: hood . love the hood. who is the manufacturer please ?
output: who is the manufacturer please? love the pendants! thank you.

input: would love to know what stone you used for the counters as well as the backsplash.
target: countertops and backsplash . would love to know what stone you used for the counters as well as the backsplash. whitish beautifully done.
output: what stone did you use for the counters? would love to know what stone you used for the counters as well as the backsplash. thanks

input: how high are the ceilings?
target: beautiful kitchen! how high are the ceilings? i have 11 foot ceilings and i want to take the cabinets to top!
output: ceiling. how high are the ceilings? thanks

input: can you tell me what type of stone the counter tops are and the color.
target: counter top material and color . can you tell me what type of stone the counter tops are and the color. thanks
output: counter tops. can you tell me what type of stone the counter tops are and the color. thank you

input: can you tell me where the light fixtures came from over the island.
target: light fixtures . beautiful design !! can you tell me where the light fixtures came from over the island.
output: light fixtures. can you tell me where the light fixtures came from over the island. thank you

input: what are the dimensions on the island?
target: island dimensions? absolutely a stunning kitchen! what are the dimensions on the island?
output: what are the dimensions on the island? i love this kitchen! what are the dimensions on the island? thanks

input: island counter stools .
target: island counter stools . love these island stools. where can i find these?
output: island counter stools. where can i get them? thanks

input: would you mind sharing the specifications on it?
target: kitchen island paint color . hello, i've been looking for this color and wood style from this kitchen island. would you mind sharing the specifications on it? is it some kind of espresso? thank you
output: i love the kitchen! would you mind sharing the specifications on it? thanks!

input: are they available commercially or strictly found in customized shops.
target: peninsula cabinets . i have a condo i am wanting to remodel and the small kitchen and dining room are divided by peninsula cabinets. i think the perfect solution would be the cabinets with glass doors on both sides. are they available commercially or strictly found in customized shops. i live in nashville tn.
output: cabinets. are they available commercially or strictly found in customized shops. i love the cabinets!

input: do the glass cabinets open from the dining room side as well?
target: do the glass cabinets open from the dining room side as well? what com . also, does the small square door actually open to storage?
output: do the glass cabinets open from the dining room side as well? i'm trying to figure out if this is a good fit for my kitchen design. i'm guessing it is a long shot.

input: where can i get the pulls andamp.
target: hardware . where can i get the pulls andamp. knobs?
output: where can i get the pulls andamp. love the pulls. where can i get them?

input: what lights are used inside the cabinets?
target: what lights are used inside the cabinets? who makes them? are they hard wired? what strength, color, led? ?dimm . what lights are used inside? are they hard wired? size, strength, bright white, etc.
output: what lights are used inside the cabinets? i love the light over the cabinets. what are they? what are they?

input: hi, can you tell me about the shades/make/model?
target: hi, can you tell me about the shades/make/model? thank you. nice work!
output: shades. hi, can you tell me about the shades/make/model? thanks

input: may i get info about price and maintenance ?
target: kitchen remodel . i'm interested in the soapstone countertops. may i get info about price and maintenance ?
output: love the range. may i get info about price and maintenance? thank you.

input: can you tell me how this was fabricated and where you sources it!
target: range top back . is the backsplash behind the range top stainless steel? can you tell me how this was fabricated and where you sources it!
output: i love this kitchen! can you tell me how this was fabricated and where you sources it! thank you!

input: double thick rough edge counter top, how was it made with no seam?
target: double thick rough edge counter top, how was it made with no seam? i am having no luck finding a black honed granite 6cm thick counter top with a rough edge. the seam between shows in an alarming way. can you give me name of fabricator?
output: double thick rough edge counter top, how was it made with no seam? i'm planning on doing something similar in my new home. i'm planning on doing something similar in my kitchen.

input: what are the countertops made of and where did you get them?
target: countertops . what are the countertops made of and where did you get them? thanks!
output: what are the countertops? what are the countertops made of and where did you get them? thanks

input: where did you find the cabinetry hardware?
target: love the kitchen! where did you find the cabinetry hardware? thank you
output: hardware. where did you find the cabinetry hardware? thanks!

input: would you mind sharing the wall color?
target: would you mind sharing the wall color? thank you . i’m searching for the perfect gray for my kitchen.
output: wall color. would you mind sharing the wall color? thank you!

input: what color is the island and what company is it from.
target: island color . hello. what color is the island and what company is it from. thank you.
output: what color is the island and what company is it from. i love this! what color is the island? what color is the island? what is the finish? what is the finish on the cabinets?

input: and how big is overhang of marble?
target: island dimensions? what are dimensions of island? and how big is overhang of marble?
output: island dimensions. what is the island dimensions? and how big is overhang of marble?

input: would u pls share the name of the cabinet maker?
target: cabinet maker . beautiful kitchen. would u pls share the name of the cabinet maker?
output: cabinet maker. beautiful kitchen! would u pls share the name of the cabinet maker? thank you!

input: do you know where it's available?
target: i like the backsplash. what kind/brand is it? where is it available? i like the backsplash. what kind/brand is it? do you know where it's available? thanks much.
output: love the cabinet door. do you know where it's available? thanks

input: would you mind sharing please the type and color of stone on the coutertops here?
target: countertops . would you mind sharing please the type and color of stone on the coutertops here? thank you!
output: would you mind sharing please the type and color of stone on the coutertops here? thanks!

input: hello, what is the color (name) of the backsplash ?
target: backsplash . hello, what is the color (name) of the backsplash ? thanks
output: backsplash. hello, what is the color(name) of the backsplash? thanks

input: what brand is the refrigerator and where did you purchase it?
target: fridge . what brand is the refrigerator and where did you purchase it? love it!
output: refrigerator. what brand is the refrigerator and where did you purchase it? thanks

input: would you know the brand and the door style name of the cabinets used here?
target: cabinets . would you know the brand and the door style name of the cabinets used here? thank you.
output: cabinets. would you know the brand and the door style name of the cabinets used here? thank you!

input: is this a custom built range hood?
target: range hood? is this a custom built range hood? do you know the approximate cost? thanks!
output: range hood. is this a custom built range hood? what is the material?

input: can you tell me about the backsplash.
target: kitchen . can you tell me about the backsplash. thanks
output: backsplash. can you tell me about the backsplash. it's gorgeous!

input: what is the length and width of the island?
target: length and width of island and counter top material . what is the length and width of the island? what is the material of the countertop? thanks!
output: what is the length and width of the island? thanks! what is the length and width of the island? thanks

input: i looked that up online and is much more grey than what is shown here .
target: are you sure the colour of the island is hearthstone? i looked that up online and is much more grey than what is shown here . this island appears blue in the picture. i absolutely love this colour palette but can't seem to find the colours . is it maybe the picture
output: what colour is the wall colour? i looked that up online and is much more grey than what is shown here. thank you

input: where did you get those lights?
target: lights . where did you get those lights? they are so elegant!
output: lights. where did you get those lights? thanks

input: also, where are the lights and hardware from?
target: color . beautiful! can you tell me what color the island is? also, where are the lights and hardware from? i love your work! simply gorgeous!
output: hardware. also, where are the lights and hardware from? thanks!

input: could this be a different color?
target: wrong paint color? i love this paint color on the walls and got a sample of the behr calligraphy which is very gray. could this be a different color? thanks in advance!
output: what is the wall color? could this be a different color? thank you!

input: can you give me any information on the concrete countertops?
target: can you give me any information on the concrete countertops? i am curious about the particular color/brand used. thank you!
output: can you give me any information on the concrete countertops? i need to know the color/stain on the cabinets and the the cabinets. thanks!

input: i was wondering if you could provide the door style used and confirm that it is just the morel stain, no glazes were used?
target: love your kitchen design!! andlt. ?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf.8"?andgt.andlt.mdandgt.this has to be the most beautiful and functional kitchen i’ve ever seen. well done! thank you for your description of each item. i was wondering if you could provide the door style used and confirm that it is just the morel stain, no glazes were used? thank you again!
output: door style used. i was wondering if you could provide the door style used and confirm that it is just the morel stain, no glazes were used? thank you.

input: what kind of wood is used for the island cabinetry?
target: what kind of wood is used for the island cabinetry? also how was it finished? thank you!
output: what kind of wood is used for the island cabinetry? i'm planning to do a similar look in my kitchen. i'm planning on doing something similar in my new home.

input: what paint brand/colour is used on the cabinet?
target: what paint brand/colour is used on the cabinet? the black cabinets. what colour/brand black? is it a pure black, or a dark grey? hard to see from the photo. thanks!
output: what paint brand/colour is used on the cabinet? i am trying to select a cabinet for my kitchen remodel. it looks like it matches the cabinets.

input: island and butcher block .
target: island and butcher block . i'd love to know the island's dimensions, butcher block's dimensions, and whether it is attached! thanks!
output: island and butcher block. i love this kitchen! what is the finish on it?

input: also, in banquette area, what is the paint color on interior windows please.
target: is there a product on the ceiling beams and if so, what is it? also, in banquette area, what is the paint color on interior windows please. thank you, barry
output: what is the paint color on the walls and ceiling? also, in banquette area, what is the paint color on interior windows please. thank you

input: would you share with me the type/name/color of the counter tops?
target: countertops . love the kitchen! would you share with me the type/name/color of the counter tops?
output: love the counter tops. would you share with me the type/name/color of the counter tops? thank you!

input: could you please provide details on the kitchen sink?
target: sink . material and manufacturer? could you please provide details on the kitchen sink? materials and manufacturer.
output: sink. could you please provide details on the kitchen sink? it looks like it's a sink.

input: i am looking for a floor just this color with texture certified for radiant heat?
target: floor . i am looking for a floor just this color with texture certified for radiant heat? can you provide the manufacture and floor names? thank you so much. sandy
output: floor. i am looking for a floor just this color with texture certified for radiant heat? thank you!

input: can you tell me the wall finish?
target: wall treatment . very pleasing space. this kitchen might even make me a better cook! can you tell me the wall finish? is it some kind of lime plaster? thanks.
output: wall finish. can you tell me the wall finish? thank you!

input: do you know what color the cabinets are?
target: awesome kitchen! do you know what color the cabinets are? thanks!
output: cabinets. do you know what color the cabinets are? thanks

input: do you happen to know where the chairs came from?
target: love this design! chair info? hi there! we have a similar design (although.not nearly as gorgeous!) do you happen to know where the chairs came from? i love how they look with the wood beams!
output: chairs. do you happen to know where the chairs came from? thank you!

input: is it flat or beveled?
target: love subway tile backsplash. is it flat or beveled? details pls
output: flat or beveled? is it flat or beveled? what is the cost?

input: white bar stools, and i cannot tell if they're padded?
target: i like the bar stools. can you please give specifics about them? white bar stools, and i cannot tell if they're padded?
output: white bar stools, and i cannot tell if they're padded? i am looking for a soft soft soft soothing soothing soothing to soft and soft. what are the dimensions of this kitchen? what's the dimensions?

input: love the cabinet drawer pulls.could you tell me where they are from, product number, etc.?
target: cabinet drawer pulls . love the cabinet drawer pulls.could you tell me where they are from, product number, etc.? thanks!
output: cabinet drawer pulls. love the cabinet drawer pulls. could you tell me where they are from, product number, etc. ? thanks!

input: can you tell me what size it is and what type of hardwood?
target: flooring . i love the flooring. can you tell me what size it is and what type of hardwood? thank you!
output: what size is the island? can you tell me what size it is and what type of hardwood? thanks

input: can you please share the paint color for island cabinetry?
target: island color? can you please share the paint color for island cabinetry? this is a beautiful space. thank you.
output: island cabinetry paint color. can you please share the paint color for island cabinetry? thank you!

input: can you provide the source of the light over the table?
target: can you provide the source of the light over the table? love it! thank you!
output: light source. can you provide the source of the light over the table? thank you!

input: can you tell me the dimensions of this kitchen?
target: what are the dimensions of this kitchen? can you tell me the dimensions of this kitchen? thanks!
output: dimensions. can you tell me the dimensions of this kitchen? thanks.

input: i would love a farmer sink, but will it be all right next to a stainless steel dishwasher , (farmers stainless sink), should i go white (using white subway tiles for a back splash.?
target: stainless farmer sink or under mount, white one! i am doing my kitchen over. i picked out a contempory granite (shiny black with white and gray running through it)! my appliances are stainless steel. i would love a farmer sink, but will it be all right next to a stainless steel dishwasher , (farmers stainless sink), should i go white (using white subway tiles for a back splash.? help!!
output: i am planning on a similar style for my kitchen. i am planning on a similar style for my kitchen. i would love a farmer sink, but will it be all right next to a stainless steel dishwasher, (farmers stainless sink) , should i go white(using white subway tiles for a back splash.

input: who makes the drawers sliding out, not the recycling one .
target: who makes the drawers sliding out, not the recycling one . just the st . just the storage one
output: who makes the drawers sliding out, not the recycling one. i like the idea of recycling drawers in a pantry. i have a pantry in my kitchen that i want to seal it in. i want to do it in my kitchen.

input: i'd love to know the length of this kitchen.it looks like a 30" range, but is the dishwasher full.size?
target: dimensions . i'd love to know the length of this kitchen.it looks like a 30" range, but is the dishwasher full.size? also, is there a small gap between the range and the wall, and if so, why? thanks for posting fabulous pictures of small spaces!
output: size. i'd love to know the length of this kitchen. it looks like a 30" range, but is the dishwasher full. size? thanks!

input: could you please share who makes this sink?
target: who makes this sink? hello! your kitchen is so beautiful! could you please share who makes this sink? thank you so much in advance!
output: who makes the sink. hello, i love this kitchen! could you please share who makes this sink? thank you!

input: do you suggest rodeo for north facing bedroom?
target: do you suggest rodeo for north facing bedroom? i'm look for a soft soothing warm gray, blue that won't read green. my doors are white dove. was considering gray owl or horizon. how does rodeo compare? thanks
output: do you suggest rodeo for north facing bedroom? i have a client that wants rodeo. i'm trying to decide which way to go with.

input: can you please tell me who makes the pendants?
target: kitchen . can you please tell me who makes the pendants? thanks!
output: pendants. can you please tell me who makes the pendants? thank you!

input: hello can you please tell who made the cabinets?
target: cabinets . hello can you please tell who made the cabinets? if not custom, what type of cabinet is it? thanks
output: cabinets. hello can you please tell who made the cabinets? thank you!

input: is the ceiling height 10'?
target: ceiling . is the ceiling height 10'? beautiful design!
output: ceiling. is the ceiling height 10' ? thank you.

input: ok to mix finishes??
target: ok to mix finishes?? rule of thumb? hello. this looks great! we are building a house. i was told shouldn't use our antique brass chandelier in dining room if we'd like to use a silver tone for foyer and stairway. all other hardware satin nickel and polished chrome…thank you:)
output: ok to mix finishes? ? i need to know the finish on this kitchen! thank you!

input: is it possible to get this light and airy look when i've been given permission to only paint the island and stain the rest of the cabinets?
target: is there a way to achieve a similar feel with wood? our kitchen is a typical '90s, builder.grade type . honey oak wood on raised.panel cabinets and floors. is it possible to get this light and airy look when i've been given permission to only paint the island and stain the rest of the cabinets? any help is greatly appreciated . i'm a huge fan!
output: what is the wood and trim? is it possible to get this light and airy look when i've been given permission to only paint the island and stain the rest of the cabinets?

input: who is the manufacturer?
target: beautiful pendants over island. who is the manufacturer? thank you
output: love the chairs. who is the manufacturer? thank you.

input: would you mind sharing?
target: cabinet color . beautiful and perfect! love the cabinet color and style. would you mind sharing? thank you!
output: i love the pendant lights! would you mind sharing? thank you!

input: would you know where to find?
target: long containers? would you know where to find? love this pantry,!!
output: i love the pendant lights! would you know where to find? thank you!

input: can you please tell me the depth of both the lower cabinets and the upper shelves?
target: lower cabinet depth and upper shelving depth. great space! can you please tell me the depth of both the lower cabinets and the upper shelves? thank you.
output: lower cabinet depth and upper shelving. can you please tell me the depth of both the lower cabinets and the upper shelves? thank you!

input: can you tell me what you used for the backsplash?
target: backsplash . can you tell me what you used for the backsplash? this room came out great.
output: backsplash. can you tell me what you used for the backsplash? thanks

input: is the shelving stainless steel?
target: shelving . beautiful room. is the shelving stainless steel? did you make the shelving? if no, where could i find it. thanks
output: is the shelving stainless steel? what is the material? what is the name?

input: are those lanterns on the top shelf?
target: are those lanterns on the top shelf? where can i find them? thank you!
output: are those lanterns on the top shelf? i'm planning on hanging lanterns on the top shelf. i'm planning on hanging lanterns on the top shelf.

input: could you please give me the room dimensions?
target: lovely design! could you please give me the room dimensions? thank you!!
output: dimensions. hello! could you please give me the room dimensions? thank you!

input: can you tell me who the manufacturer is?
target: love the hardware! can you tell me who the manufacturer is? hardware
output: can you tell me who the manufacturer is? thanks. i love this kitchen!

input: can you tell me what the backsplash is?
target: backsplash . can you tell me what the backsplash is? love it!
output: backsplash. can you tell me what the backsplash is? thanks

input: who is the cabinet manufacturer and is that wallpaper?
target: what is on the walls? this is a great kitchen, really like everything about it! who is the cabinet manufacturer and is that wallpaper?
output: what is the wallpaper? who is the cabinet manufacturer and is that wallpaper? what is the name of it?

input: can you please tell me the front door manufacturer?
target: front door . can you please tell me the front door manufacturer? is it wood or fiberglass? thank you
output: front door. can you please tell me the front door manufacturer? thank you.

input: what paint color is the screen door?
target: screen door . what paint color is the screen door? it is a beautiful accent.
output: what paint color is the screen door? it's beautiful!

input: could you please divulge the color?
target: lovely blue for the door! could you please divulge the color? thank you!
output: could you please divulge the color? thank you. it's beautiful!

input: do you know how much it cost per square foot to build?
target: want to build. already own the land. what is the square footage of this bungalow? who is the builder? do you know how much it cost per square foot to build?
output: want to build. do you know how much it cost per square foot to build? thanks!

input: what color are the countertops?
target: countertops . what color are the countertops? they look very nice with the white walls and floor.
output: what color are the countertops? i love this kitchen! what color are the countertops?

input: are the cabinets, trim and walls all the same color of white?
target: paint color . are the cabinets, trim and walls all the same color of white? thanks!
output: paint color. are the cabinets, trim and walls all the same color of white? what is the paint color?

input: island .
target: island . dimensions of island and overhang. thanks
output: island. what is the width of the island. it's 3x6. i want to add the width of the island. thanks

input: is it a “truer” white or does it have cream undertones?
target: perimeter cabinet color . can you share the color of the perimeter cabinets? is it a “truer” white or does it have cream undertones?
output: what is the color on the walls? is it a“truer”white or does it have cream undertones?

input: what are the window dimensions .
target: what are the window dimensions . width and height? thank you!
output: what are the window dimensions. thanks. what are the window dimensions. thanks

input: any chance you remember the paint color on the white cabinets?
target: cabinet paint color? hi, you did a beautiful job here. any chance you remember the paint color on the white cabinets?
output: cabinets. any chance you remember the paint color on the white cabinets? thank you!

input: can you tell me what they are?
target: cabinet hardware . i love the cabinet pulls. can you tell me what they are?
output: cabinets. i love the cabinets. can you tell me what they are?

input: can you please tell me what cut is the island, how thick it is and how much is hanging over?
target: island questions!!! i love this kitchen so much!!! can you please tell me what cut is the island, how thick it is and how much is hanging over? thank you!
output: island. can you please tell me what cut is the island, how thick it is and how much is hanging over? thanks!

input: what is the surface material and name of this lovely island countertop?
target: what is the surface material and name of this lovely island countertop? such a beautiful kitchen. timeless, relaxed elegance. love!
output: what is the surface material and name of this lovely island countertop? i'm planning on doing something similar.

input: what is the backsplash?
target: backsplash . what is the backsplash? it's very pretty!
output: backsplash. what is the backsplash? what is the backsplash?

input: what type of wood is the island .
target: what type of wood is the island . love the island colour. what is the wood and stain?
output: what type of wood is the island. i love this island. what is the wood and what is the stain?

input: are these oak.and if so do you have the stain color.
target: floor wood and stain? very much like the wood floors. are these oak.and if so do you have the stain color. thank you very much!
output: floors. are these oak. and if so do you have the stain color. thanks

input: would you have the width of the upper cabinets to the left and right of sink?
target: what is the width of the cabinets to the left and right of the sink? hello.thank you for answering my previous question. would you have the width of the upper cabinets to the left and right of sink? 40”, 44”, etc?
output: dimensions of upper cabinets. would you have the width of the upper cabinets to the left and right of sink? thank you!

input: can you please share the names of the counter stools and or the fabric on them?
target: lights.stools.counter.paint . love this entire kitchen! it’s beautiful! can you please share the names of the counter stools and or the fabric on them? the paint color on the cabinets? the counter top material and color name? thank you!
output: counter stools. can you please share the names of the counter stools and or the fabric on them? thank you!

input: please share what brand the beautiful kitchen faucets are and where they can be purchased.
target: faucets . please share what brand the beautiful kitchen faucets are and where they can be purchased. thanks!
output: faucets. please share what brand the beautiful kitchen faucets are and where they can be purchased. thanks

input: where can i purchase them?
target: stools . i love these stools and want to purchase them. where can i purchase them?
output: love the chairs. where can i purchase them? thanks!

input: what color are the white cabinets?
target: cabinet color . we are remodeling our kitchen. what color are the white cabinets? what brand of paint? i also love those bar stools and the covers! where did you get them? thank you!
output: what color are the white cabinets? i love this kitchen!

input: could you please share the height of the lower wall cabinet as well as the glass front one stacked above it?
target: what is the height of the wall cabinets? are those stacked cabinets on the sink wall? could you please share the height of the lower wall cabinet as well as the glass front one stacked above it? thank you.
output: great kitchen! could you please share the height of the lower wall cabinet as well as the glass front one stacked above it? thank you!

input: do you have the company's phone number or website?
target: windows . okay, i'm in shock no one has asked this question yet. the windows. where did you get the windows. do you have the company's phone number or website? they are amazing andamp. beautiful. what are they made of. wood.ect. were they terribly expensive? custom order? any info is appreciated. thank you in advance!
output: love the chairs. do you have the company's phone number or website? thank you!

input: can you please share the type of wood used for the island and the color of stain?
target: island . can you please share the type of wood used for the island and the color of stain? thank you.
output: island. can you please share the type of wood used for the island and the color of stain? thank you!

input: how tall are the walls?
target: wall height? i love this kitchen. absolutely beautiful. how tall are the walls? (not the ceiling height, since it is sloped). we have 8' tall walls on one side of our kitchen and 10' on the other.
output: how tall are the walls? thanks! i have a great idea on this.

input: could you tell me where you bought it?
target: little round sink in island . i love that little sink! could you tell me where you bought it? thanks!
output: i love the chair. could you tell me where you bought it? thanks!

input: what is the stain color on floor?
target: flooring . what is the stain color on floor? thanks
output: floor. what is the stain color on floor? thanks

input: what type of floor is this?
target: floor . what type of floor is this? who is the manufacturer?
output: what type of floor is this? is it wood or l. what is the stain?

input: is this something you can/would do?
target: need an appliance corner cabinet . i am looking for a retro fit appliance cabinet for my current red oak kitchen. i have standard raised panel doors (non.full overlay). approximate size 21 w at front. 17.75 high counter to under existing cabinet. 35.5 w at back (along backsplash). 11.75 deep front to back. ideally 2 doors to match above cabinet open toward you then slide back along the angled side panels. or could go with a single door with open toward you then slide back along top of cabinet. i am having these cabinets redone to a bright white using the nhance process so just need it made in red oak material. is this something you can/would do? contact . marge collins (630) 781.5505 or collins20@comcast.net i can send a picture and can also provide more exact dimensions by 1/15/15 as i am currently out of town. thanks so much!
output: this is a beautiful kitchen. is this something you can/would do? thank you!

input: i am wondering what the dimension of the back wall with the window is as well as the wall with the range.
target: what is the dimention of the your kitchen? i am wondering what the dimension of the back wall with the window is as well as the wall with the range. also, what is the dimension of your island? thank you
output: what is the dimension of this room? i am wondering what the dimension of the back wall with the window is as well as the wall with the range. also, what is the dimension of this room? thanks

input: where are these stools from?
target: stools . where are these stools from? please
output: stools. where are these stools from? thank you!

input: where are they from?
target: love lighting pendents!! where are they from? building a house. very hard to find attractive pendents. please email: lyda.sorgini@gmail.com
output: chandeliers. where are they from? chandeliers?

input: what are they made out of?
target: counter tops? what are they made out of? thanks!
output: love the chairs. what are they made out of? thanks

input: where can i get these bar stools?
target: where can i get these bar stools? i need counter height. and what
output: where can i get these bar stools? please provide details on the placement and placement. please respond. thanks!

input: what is the backsplash tile?
target: backsplash tile? what is the backsplash tile? love this kitchen.
output: backsplash. what is the backsplash tile? thank you

input: which light fixtures are these?
target: light fixtures . which light fixtures are these? love them. thank you.
output: light fixtures. which light fixtures are these? thank you.

input: lovely kitchen.what color is the island and what material is the countertop.
target: island and counter . hello! lovely kitchen.what color is the island and what material is the countertop. thanks!
output: island. what color is the island and what material is the countertop. thanks

input: would you be able to share the type of marble, or where it was purchased?
target: backsplash . i love this herringbone backsplash. would you be able to share the type of marble, or where it was purchased? i like that it is fairly uniform in color.
output: backsplash. would you be able to share the type of marble, or where it was purchased? thank you!

input: can you tell me the name and mfg of the black cabinets?
target: cabinet color . can you tell me the name and mfg of the black cabinets? thanks so much!
output: cabinet color. can you tell me the name and mfg of the black cabinets? thank you

input: can you please tell us what the backsplash is made of?
target: backsplash material? can you please tell us what the backsplash is made of? also the countertops. thanks
output: backsplash. can you please tell us what the backsplash is made of? thanks

input: have been trying to visualize my different choices?
target: how tall and wide is this window? i will be purchasing a window approximately six feet wide and five feet tall for over my sink and also installed to the counter. i have nine foot ceilings. have been trying to visualize my different choices? is this one an anderson window?
output: what is the wall color? i'm trying to visualize my different choices? i'm trying to visualize my different choices. i'm trying to visualize my different choices.

input: can you please tell me who makes them?
target: kitchen hardware . hi, i love the cabinet knobs and pulls. can you please tell me who makes them? thanks!
output: who makes the pulls? can you please tell me who makes them? thanks!

input: where can i get a window made like this one?
target: where can i get a window made like this one? what company made it? thanks.
output: where can i get a window made like this one? i love this window. where can i get a window made like this one? thank you!

input: do you have a picture of the other side of this kitchen?
target: do you have a picture of the other side of this kitchen? also what size is the kitchen? this is gorgeous!!
output: do you have a picture of the other side of this kitchen? this is a beautiful kitchen! i'm building a new home and i want to do the same thing in my kitchen. i'm guessing this is the best example i've seen!

input: what is the edge?
target: what is the edge? it looks like 3cm with a laminated 2cm edge. is that correct?
output: what is the edge? is that a thin strip? what is the edge?

input: would love to see if these are available for purchase.
target: where are the cabinet pulls from? would love to see if these are available for purchase. love them!
output: i am planning to purchase cabinets from cabinets. would love to see if these are available for purchase. thanks

input: can you please tell me the dimensions of the kitchen and island?
target: dimensions . can you please tell me the dimensions of the kitchen and island? thanks!
output: dimensions. can you please tell me the dimensions of the kitchen and island? thank you!

input: love them all.can you tell me what they are, colors, etc?
target: cabinets, countertop, floor! love them all.can you tell me what they are, colors, etc? thanks!
output: love them all. can you tell me what they are, colors, etc? thanks

input: where can i find them?
target: vases? they are so unique. where can i find them?
output: love the chairs. where can i find them? thanks

input: what is the trim color?
target: trim . what is the trim color? i love this kitchen!
output: trim color. what is the trim color? thanks

input: what is the square footage of this kitchen?
target: square footage . kichen . what is the square footage of this kitchen?
output: square footage. what is the square footage of this kitchen? thanks

input: can anyone tell me where the lighting was purchased?
target: lighting . can anyone tell me where the lighting was purchased? i love it!
output: lighting. can anyone tell me where the lighting was purchased? thank you

input: and are they manufactured or hand.painted?
target: cabinet color . what color are the cabinets? and are they manufactured or hand.painted? thanks!
output: cabinet doors. what brand of cabinets are these? and are they manufactured or hand. painted? what brand?

input: can you tell me what you used for the backsplash in this kitchen?
target: tile backsplash . can you tell me what you used for the backsplash in this kitchen? andgt.) thanks
output: backsplash. can you tell me what you used for the backsplash in this kitchen? thanks!

input: can i customize a verselles pattern with 6 sizes?
target: can i customize a verselles pattern with 6 sizes? sizes are 18x18. 16x16. 24x16. 16x8. please help. does anyone have sample patterns.
output: can i customize a verselles pattern with 6 sizes? what size is the pattern? what size is the base?

input: it is just charming and i would love to see how you've incorporated the appliances.
target: more photos of this kitchen? can you tell me if you have any other pictures of this kitchen? it is just charming and i would love to see how you've incorporated the appliances. thank you!
output: is the refrigerator a pantry? it is just charming and i would love to see how you've incorporated the appliances. i'm guessing you're remodeling a kitchen and i'm guessing it's a whithitsworth. thanks!

input: what are the dimentions of the island?
target: island . what are the dimentions of the island? this kitchen is beautiful!
output: island. what are the dimentions of the island? thank you

input: can you tell me where to find this pattern or one similar?
target: what pattern did you use for the valance? i would like to use a similar style of valance for my kitchen window. can you tell me where to find this pattern or one similar?
output: how tall is this pantry? can you tell me where to find this pattern or one similar? thank you

input: did we win ?
target: did we win ? thanks we will be very happy to host your remodeling specialists. pam and rick
output: did we win? thanks! we are in love with this space. we are happy to see this!

input: would you be so kind to let me in on the color of cabinets, walls, ceiling, trim, anything?
target: would you be so kind to let me in on the color of cabinets, walls, ceiling, trim, anything? i love the creamy tone of this entire space! i would appreciate it so very much. thank you!
output: what is the color of cabinets and walls, trim? would you be so kind to let me in on the color of cabinets, walls, ceiling, trim, anything? thanks!

input: in my kit remodel, will have cream tone cabinets, struggling with color of stone.white marble, emperador marble, granite, etc?
target: i love the cream tones, what type of counter did you use? in my kit remodel, will have cream tone cabinets, struggling with color of stone.white marble, emperador marble, granite, etc? yours looks lovely
output: cream tone cabinets. in my kit remodel, will have cream tone cabinets, struggling with color of stone. white marble, emperador marble, emperador marble, granite, etc? what is the color of the cabinets?

input: where can i find it?
target: love the fabric used for the valence. where can i find it? thanks so much!
output: love the chair. where can i find it? thank you.

input: would you happen to know the width of the kitchen?
target: kitchen . would you happen to know the width of the kitchen? we really like it and would like to do something in our house just not sure it is wide enough.
output: dimensions. would you happen to know the width of the kitchen? thanks!

input: can you please share where these are from?
target: where are the stools from? love the stools. can you please share where these are from? thank you.
output: stools. can you please share where these are from? thank you!

input: are these modules available for mix and match designing spaces.
target: custom built or modular storage . are these modules available for mix and match designing spaces. i think they're jus awesom.
output: custom built or custom built? are these modules available for mix and match designing spaces. i have been looking for a similar layout for my kitchen. i'm guessing they're custom.

input: can you share what the dimensions of this pantry are?
target: dimensionsof this room? and color of cabinets? can you share what the dimensions of this pantry are? i love everything about it! also can you share the color of cabinets?
output: dimensions of pantry. can you share what the dimensions of this pantry are? thank you!

input: where can they be purchased?
target: chandeliers . who makes them? where can they be purchased?
output: love the stools! where can they be purchased? thank you!

input: can you make it that big without having a splice?
target: island top . what is the island top made of? what size is this island? can you make it that big without having a splice?
output: island top. what is the island top made of? can you make it that big without having a splice?

input: is that a secret door i see?
target: is that a secret door i see? on the wall of cabinets there is a door opening out. please explain what that is!
output: is that a secret door i see? is that a secret door i see? what is the name of it?

input: what is the make and model of the hood?who is the maker?
target: want to find out who makes the hood? what is the make and model of the hood?who is the maker? thanks
output: what is the make and model of the hood? who is the maker? thanks!

input: i was wondering where to gwt some more because i need some to fill where some broke.
target: back splash brick . i have a kitchen with thin brick as a backsplash. i was wondering where to gwt some more because i need some to fill where some broke.
output: need to buy a new unit. i was wondering where to gwt some more because i need some to fill where some broke. thanks

input: which i'm shedding some light regarding the bertazzoni range?
target: range . which i'm shedding some light regarding the bertazzoni range? on the website it looks very yellow, but here it looks like a lovely off.white. which would you say is more accurate?
output: what is the range? which i'm shedding some light regarding the bertazzoni range? is it a gas range? what is the range? what is the gas gas supply?

input: what brand is the oven and hood?
target: oven/vent hood . what brand is the oven and hood? love the look!
output: what brand is the oven and hood? i love this kitchen! what brand is the oven and hood?

input: how much is it cost and can you do it or send to poland, warsaw?
target: top leanth 4,2 m . i wish to have top ss steel for kitchen. how much is it cost and can you do it or send to poland, warsaw? best regards katia
output: how much is it cost and can you do it or send to poland, warsaw? i have a customer that wants something just like that. thanks.

input: how much is it cost and can you do it or send to poland, warsaw?
target: top leanth 4,2 m . i wish to have top ss steel for kitchen. how much is it cost and can you do it or send to poland, warsaw? best regards katia
output: how much is it cost and can you do it or send to poland, warsaw? i have a customer that wants something just like that. thanks.

input: how much is it cost and can you do it or send to poland, warsaw?
target: top leanth 4,2 m . i wish to have top ss steel for kitchen. how much is it cost and can you do it or send to poland, warsaw? best regards katia
output: how much is it cost and can you do it or send to poland, warsaw? i have a customer that wants something just like that. thanks.

input: how much is it cost and can you do it or send to poland, warsaw?
target: top leanth 4,2 m . i wish to have top ss steel for kitchen. how much is it cost and can you do it or send to poland, warsaw? best regards katia
output: how much is it cost and can you do it or send to poland, warsaw? i have a customer that wants something just like that. thanks.

input: what is best sealant that doesn't yellow but won't ruin the texture?
target: brick . even with a sealant, is brick hard to clean ? what is best sealant that doesn't yellow but won't ruin the texture?
output: what is best sealant that doesn't yellow but won't ruin the texture? i'm trying to do this in my kitchen. i'm thinking of doing this in my kitchen. what is best sealant that doesn't yellow but won't ruin the texture?

input: are the stainless steel countertops good for long.term use?
target: stainless steel countertops . love this idea. are the stainless steel countertops good for long.term use? do they hold up from normal counter use? i would be so protective, afraid of scratching up and still use my cut boards, etc.
output: stainless steel countertops. are the stainless steel countertops good for long. term use? thank you!

input: can you share your resource?
target: great woven roman shade. can you share your resource? thank you.
output: can you share your resource? thanks!

input: i'm not sure where the answer is posted but i swear i've looked at all your pics now and can't find the answer.
target: can't find oven answer . i'm not sure where the answer is posted but i swear i've looked at all your pics now and can't find the answer. can you please state the oven brand or tag it?
output: where is the answer? i'm not sure where the answer is posted but i swear i've looked at all your pics now and can't find the answer. thanks!

input: hi could you please tell me what brand the stove is and where to find it?
target: stove brand or location. hi could you please tell me what brand the stove is and where to find it? thank you!
output: stove brand. hi could you please tell me what brand the stove is and where to find it? thank you!

input: i am so sorry but i can't find the answer to the color of the brick question?
target: i am so sorry but i can't find the answer to the color of the brick q . i am so sorry but i can't find the answer to the color of the brick question? what color? what brick?
output: what color is the brick? i am so sorry but i can't find the answer to the color of the brick question? is it a matte or matte? what is the color?

input: do you think i made a right choice?
target: backsplash and granite top . i've already made a selection for the kitchen, white cabinets, light counter top and mosaic backsplash. do you think i made a right choice? i also need some tips on draperies for this room but not sure which colour to get. needs some tips, think i'm getting lost.
output: what is the wall color? i'm in love with this wall color. do you think i made a right choice?

input: would you mind sharing the details of the lighting above the window?
target: lighting . would you mind sharing the details of the lighting above the window? thanks
output: lighting. would you mind sharing the details of the lighting above the window? thanks!

input: what is under the window?
target: window . what is under the window? a low sink?
output: window. what is under the window? is it glass?

input: what is the color used on the cabnets?
target: what is the color used on the cabnets? it's exactly the look i'm after. what is the color used on the cabnets. it's exactly the look i'm after.
output: cabnets. what is the color used on the cabnets? thank you!

input: can anyone tell me where i can get this exact brick.
target: brick . can anyone tell me where i can get this exact brick. love it jshanebrook@yahoo.com
output: brick. can anyone tell me where i can get this exact brick. i love it!

input: could you tell me where i can purchase the cabinet handles.
target: cabinet handles . could you tell me where i can purchase the cabinet handles. thanks
output: cabinet handles. could you tell me where i can purchase the cabinet handles. i have a client that wants to do something similar. thank you

input: what is the make and model of the range and hood?
target: range/hood . love this! what is the make and model of the range and hood? thank you.)
output: range and hood. what is the make and model of the range and hood? thank you!

input: how do u like the stainless steel countertops?
target: counter tops . how do u like the stainless steel countertops? do they scratch easy?
output: countertops. how do u like the stainless steel countertops? what color/stain is the wood?

input: how would grease/stains affect the backsplash?
target: i absolutely love everything about this photo especially the backsplash. how would grease/stains affect the backsplash? is is specially treated?
output: how would grease/stains affect the backsplash? i have a similar plan for my kitchen. i'm planning on doing something similar in my new house. i'm planning on doing something similar.

input: where can i purchase them, who makes them.
target: what company makes the wall tiles . i love the wall tiles. the pickets are simply beautiful. where can i purchase them, who makes them. i'd love to know.
output: love the stools. where can i purchase them, who makes them. thank you

input: would like to know the name of the granite.
target: granite color? would like to know the name of the granite. it's stunning . thanks
output: i am planning on ordering a granite sample from the island. would like to know the name of the granite. thank you

input: would you please share the vendor for the lighting over the island?
target: gorgeous! would you please share the vendor of lighting over island . gorgeous kitchen! would you please share the vendor for the lighting over the island? thanks so much.
output: lighting. would you please share the vendor for the lighting over the island? thank you!

input: what is the name of the company that made the cabinets and the style number or name?
target: i love the cabinets . what is the name of the company that made the cabinets and the style number or name? thank you
output: what is the name of the company that made the cabinets and the style number or name? i love the cabinetry! what is the name of the company that made the cabinets and the style number or name? thanks!

input: was the range hood a custom piece or is it available through a merchant?
target: we love the range hood!! was the range hood a custom piece or is it available through a merchant? thank you!
output: range hood. was the range hood a custom piece or is it available through a merchant? thank you!

input: is what’s the sheen on the walls and ceiling?
target: questions on wall/ceiling color . you mentioned that the entire house was painted the same color with the exception of the dinning room. is what’s the sheen on the walls and ceiling?
output: is what’s the sheen on the walls and ceiling? i love this!

input: was this same color carried throughout the house?
target: wall paint/ project paint color . what is the kitchen wall paint color? was this same color carried throughout the house?
output: ceiling. what is the ceiling color? was this same color carried throughout the house?

input: info on the barstools?
target: barstool info ? i found these before but can’t find that answer again. info on the barstools?
output: barstools. info on the barstools? where can i find them? thanks!

input: can you tell me the color of the island and range hood?
target: color of island and range hood . can you tell me the color of the island and range hood? it looks black but in one picture the island looks blue.
output: color of island and range hood. can you tell me the color of the island and range hood? thank you

input: could you tell me the flooring used in this kitchen, please.
target: could you tell me the flooring used in this kitchen, please. thanks . could you tell me the flooring used in this kitchen please?
output: could you tell me the flooring used in this kitchen, please. thank you. could you tell me the flooring used in this kitchen, please. thank you.

input: could you tell me what type of lighting is used on the inside of the glass.front cabinets.
target: lighting inside cabinets . could you tell me what type of lighting is used on the inside of the glass.front cabinets. i assume the inside of cabinets are painted same white with glass shelving(?)
output: inside cabinets. could you tell me what type of lighting is used on the inside of the glass. front cabinets. i'm guessing the inside of the glass is the inside of the glass. thanks!

input: also did you use sanded or up sanded light pewter grout?
target: grout grid line size . what is the size of the grout lines? 1/8th? also did you use sanded or up sanded light pewter grout?
output: ceiling grout color. what is the color of the ceiling? also did you use sanded or up sanded light pewter grout?

input: what is the finish of the dark wood island?
target: cab wood color . what is the finish of the dark wood island? is there a cabinet brand name?
output: what is the finish of the dark wood island? i love this kitchen! thank you!

input: are these wood or tiles or some other material?
target: can i please get information on the floors? i love the floors. are these wood or tiles or some other material? also, the color, please. thank you so much. both my husband and myself love this. thank you.
output: floors. are these wood or tiles or some other material? thanks

input: are the white cabinet doors mdf or all wood?
target: white cabinets . are the white cabinet doors mdf or all wood? i'm going with white cabinets in my kitchen and prefer a painted wood, but have been told numerous times about mdf. thoughts? thanks!
output: white cabinets. are the white cabinet doors mdf or all wood? thank you!

input: i can not tell you enough how much i enjoy your style.
target: comment . i can not tell you enough how much i enjoy your style. there is not a room or entire project that you have done that i have not liked! so beautiful classy but fun at the same time. i really strive to decorate the way you do!
output: how much do i achieve the style of your kitchen? i can not tell you enough how much i enjoy your style. i want to do a similar style for my kitchen.

input: what have you put behind cooktop if there is one tying into existing?
target: what have you put behind cooktop if there is one tying into existing? i love how you used tile and beadboard. i'm wondering how you used this in the rest of the kitchen.
output: what have you put behind cooktop if there is one tying into existing? this kitchen is amazing!

input: can you tell me the color used to paint the cabinets?
target: hidden homestead . beautiful cabinets. can you tell me the color used to paint the cabinets? there are so many shades of white! thanks
output: cabinet paint color. can you tell me the color used to paint the cabinets? thank you

input: could you please provide the cabinet maker contact information.
target: cabinet maker contact information? hi i'm in fort lauderdale. could you please provide the cabinet maker contact information. also, are you local? don't recognize the area code in your contact info.
output: cabinet maker contact information. this is a beautiful kitchen. could you please provide the cabinet maker contact information. thank you!

input: can you tell me the name brand and the color?
target: need help with my kitchen . hello. i love your counter top. can you tell me the name brand and the color? also, what is the paint color on the wall? thank you.
output: love the cabinets! can you tell me the name brand and the color? thank you!

input: faucet?
target: faucet? looks like a match for the 1940's era find i'll be using. thanks!
output: faucet? what brand? thanks!

input: who makes it?
target: sweet kitchen. looks like a smallish farmhouse sink. who makes it?
output: love the pendant. who makes it? thanks

input: what is the name and brand of the white paint on the cabinets?
target: paint of cabinets . what is the name and brand of the white paint on the cabinets? thanks
output: paint color. what is the name and brand of the white paint on the cabinets? thank you!

input: can you please tell me about this sink?
target: sink . can you please tell me about this sink? manufacturer? dimensions?
output: sink. can you please tell me about this sink? manufacturer, color, etc. thank you

input: what type of wood and stain were used?
target: beams . kind of wood and stain used please? love the beams . what type of wood and stain were used?
output: what type of wood and stain were used? it is beautiful! thank you!

input: what is the island countertop?
target: island . what is the island countertop? beautiful! thanks in advance for sharing!
output: what is the island countertop? is that a walnut countertop? what is the island countertop? thank you!

input: can you please share the technique used for the island?
target: island . can you please share the technique used for the island? just shiplap? love this kitchen!
output: island technique. can you please share the technique used for the island? thank you!

input: could you please share the ceiling height?
target: ceilings . could you please share the ceiling height? thanks!
output: ceiling. could you please share the ceiling height? thanks!

input: could you confirm what kind of wood this is and the type of cut (ie.
target: love the floors! you made reference to the finish on these floors in a previous note. could you confirm what kind of wood this is and the type of cut (ie. white oak, riftandamp.quarter or live sawn)? thanks!
output: what type of wood is this? i love the cabinets and trim! could you confirm what kind of wood this is and the type of cut(ie. viking viking, viking, etc.

input: can you share the name of the designer?
target: can you share the name of the designer? this is an amazing kitchen for this layout. i would love to get in touch with this architect/designer.
output: love the cabinet maker! can you share the name of the designer? thank you!

input: can you tell me the dimensions of the ceiling beams?
target: beams . gorgeous work! can you tell me the dimensions of the ceiling beams?
output: dimensions. can you tell me the dimensions of the ceiling beams? thanks!

input: can you tell me about the flooring?
target: flooring . flooring? can you tell me about the flooring?
output: flooring. can you tell me about the flooring? is it wood or engineered? what is the stain color?

input: can you share the cabinet color please
target: cabinet color? fantastic kitchen! can you share the cabinet color please
output: cabinet color please. can you share the cabinet color please

input: can you share the surfaces please.
target: counters . hi, beautiful counter combo. can you share the surfaces please.
output: counters. can you share the surfaces please. thanks

input: what is the paint color used for the island?
target: color of island . love the kitchen. what is the paint color used for the island?
output: what is the paint color used for the island? i love this!

input: is floor wood or tile?
target: is floor wood or tile? brand name? so pretty
output: flooring. is floor wood or tile? what is the name of the wood floor?

input: could you kindly share the cabinet hardware name and style?
target: cabinet hardware . could you kindly share the cabinet hardware name and style? thanks!
output: cabinet hardware. could you kindly share the cabinet hardware name and style? thank you!

input: what so the counters / island made from?
target: counter . what so the counters / island made from? quartz or marble. also the name please
output: countertops. what so the counters/island made from? thank you

input: i have seen these light before, but can't find them for sale anywhere.
target: the lights are awesome! i have seen these light before, but can't find them for sale anywhere. help please! thanks
output: where did you purchase the pendant lights? i have seen these light before, but can't find them for sale anywhere.

input: can you tell me ceiling height and cabinet height on either side or range hood?
target: ceiling and cabinet height . can you tell me ceiling height and cabinet height on either side or range hood? thanks!
output: ceiling and cabinet size. can you tell me ceiling height and cabinet height on either side or range hood? thanks!

input: where can i source them?
target: pendant lighting . hello! live the pendants! where can i source them?
output: pendants. where can i source them? thanks

input: what type of flooring is this?
target: floor type.kind and color? what type of flooring is this? engineered or solid? brand? stain/color? thank you!
output: flooring. what type of flooring is this? is it wood or lvt?

input: can you let me know the manufacturer?
target: light fixture . love that light fixture! can you let me know the manufacturer? thank you!
output: can you let me know the manufacturer? thanks. i'm trying to find a local cabinet maker.

input: my concern for using porcelain with strong veining is that if the veining on the countertop and backsplash do not line up, will the finished product look "pieced together"?
target: countertop/backsplash . does the same veining continue from the backsplash to the countertop, or does it stop at the seam? my concern for using porcelain with strong veining is that if the veining on the countertop and backsplash do not line up, will the finished product look "pieced together"? we are giving serious consideration to using porcelain slabs for our kitchen remodel, but it is a relatively new concept and it is hard to find answers for questions about it. however, i love the idea of minimal seams, and it gives such an updated clean look to the kitchen. this is a beautiful kitchen, and it is my favorite photo of porcelain countertop/backsplash design in houzz. thanks in advance for any insight you can offer.
output: veining on cabinets. my concern for using porcelain with strong veining is that if the veining on the countertop and backsplash do not line up, will the finished product look" pieced together" ? thanks!

input: hello, i am having a horrible time trying to find a reputable contractor in the woodlands, is there anyone you can suggest?
target: what contractors did you use in houston? hello, i am having a horrible time trying to find a reputable contractor in the woodlands, is there anyone you can suggest? the design is absolutely beautiful but i'm sure yo also have very good contractors and any help would be greatly greatly appreciated. thank you in advance.
output: contractor. hello, i am having a horrible time trying to find a reputable contractor in the woodlands, is there anyone you can suggest? i'm worried it won't be able to find a reputable contractor in the woodlands, is there anyone you can suggest? thank you!

input: where did you hide all of the outlets and switches?
target: outlets and switches . gorgeous kitchen! where did you hide all of the outlets and switches? i don't see any above the countertops. are they built into the uppers?
output: outlets and switches. where did you hide all of the outlets and switches? i love this kitchen!

input: what is the ceiling color?
target: what is the ceiling color? what is the ceiling color? i have an arts and crafts style beach home and i don't know if i should paint the wood cross panels or leaver them dark. any suggestions?
output: what is the ceiling color? beautiful! what is the ceiling color?

input: may i have the wall color and cabinet color, please?
target: may i have the wall color and cabinet color, please? love the warmth of this room. great response to the question about the countertops, thanks!
output: wall color and cabinet color. may i have the wall color and cabinet color, please? thank you

input: paper towel with books and cherios?
target: mix . paper towel with books and cherios? im not sure if i would like that in my house.
output: paper towel with books and cherios? what brand of wood? i am remodeling my kitchen and i want a soft soft soft grey.

input: of room and shelves?
target: dimensions . of room and shelves? thanks
output: dimensions of room and shelves? what are dimensions of this room? thanks.

input: what type of floors are these?
target: wood floors . what type of floors are these? color?
output: what type of floors are these? i love the floors. what is the stain color?

input: what are the dimensions of this pantry?
target: perfect! what are the dimensions of this pantry? thank you!
output: what are the dimensions of this pantry? i love this pantry! what are the dimensions of this pantry?

input: what tile is used for the backsplash?
target: what tile is used for the backsplash? dimensions? really like the backsplash but not so much with the counter. we are going with a steel gray granite counter top.
output: what tile is used for the backsplash? is it granite or quartz? what tile is used for the backsplash?

input: what color is the grout color?
target: grout color . what color is the grout color? and what brand please?
output: grout color. what color is the grout color? thanks

input: with time it gets greasy and dirty.or it just depends on the cleaner u're using?
target: white kitchen . is white cabinet finish easy to take care of? with time it gets greasy and dirty.or it just depends on the cleaner u're using?
output: grease. with time it gets greasy and dirty. or it just depends depends on the cleaner u're using?

input: would you mind sharing the kitchen dimensions?
target: kitchen dimesions . would you mind sharing the kitchen dimensions? very pretty kitchen!
output: dimensions. would you mind sharing the kitchen dimensions? thanks!

input: info on the door hinges?
target: info on the door hinges? thank you. info on the door hinges? thank you.
output: info on the door hinges? what is the wood? and what color/stain?

input: can you share the cabinet color?
target: cabinet color . can you share the cabinet color? lovely kitchen!
output: cabinet color? can you share the cabinet color? thank you.

input: gray or more tan to pull out the creams to match the countertop?
target: love the carrara with a creamy top. did you do a gray grout or does it . looking for color of grout! gray or more tan to pull out the creams to match the countertop?
output: what color is the countertop? gray or more tan to pull out the creams to match the countertop? what is the color of the creams?

input: what is the granite?
target: granite color? love the granite with floor. what is the granite?
output: what is the granite? i love the look on the cabinets. what is the granite?

input: do you know the item number on the chandelier?
target: do you know the item number on the chandelier? i would like to know the item number on the chandelier, please! it's beautiful!
output: chandelier. do you know the item number on the chandelier? what is the item number?

input: is it hard to take care of?
target: copper sink?? has has this sink lasted? does it stain? is it hard to take care of?
output: is it hard to take care of? what is the stain color? is it hard to take care of?

input: is the hood made out of wood?
target: so beautiful! is the hood made out of wood? is the hood made out of wood?
output: is the hood made out of wood? what is the material? what is the stain color?

input: house plan we could see?
target: this is the most beautiful kitchen i've ever seen!!! do you have the . house plan we could see? you are an amazing builder!
output: this is a gorgeous house! ! ! house plan we could see?

input: what exactly is the back splash minus mosaic?
target: back splash . what exactly is the back splash minus mosaic? just white, and white size/brand?
output: back splash. what exactly is the back splash minus mosaic? thanks

input: where are they from?
target: bar stools . where are they from? great kitchen
output: chandeliers. where are they from? chandeliers?

input: would consider it as an alternative to the typical oil rubbed bronze/copper pairing.
target: are the cabinet hardware and the faucet chrome? interested in how the chrome looked with the copper sink. would consider it as an alternative to the typical oil rubbed bronze/copper pairing.
output: what is the finish on the cabinets? would consider it as an alternative to the typical oil rubbed bronze/copper pairing. i have a client that wants a polished bronze and i am hoping they can do that.

input: i adore this kitchen and would love to see more photos how it connects to the rest of the home.
target: i adore this kitchen . i adore this kitchen and would love to see more photos how it connects to the rest of the home. are there any more on houzz? i only see two. where are you based out of?
output: i adore this kitchen and would love to see more photos how it connects to the rest of the home. i would love to see more photos how it connects to the rest of the home.

input: what type of wood is the island made of?
target: island material . what type of wood is the island made of? is it multiple planks laminated? thanks for the info.
output: what type of wood is the island made of? i love this island. what is the wood on it?

input: would enjoy knowing how big the island is.
target: dimensions of the island please!! would enjoy knowing how big the island is. we may build the same style in our new kitchen!
output: dimensions of this kitchen? would enjoy knowing how big the island is. thanks

input: where is the light fixture from?
target: chandelier . lovely kitchen. where is the light fixture from?
output: light fixture. where is the light fixture from? love it!

input: what is the material on the vent hood ?
target: vent hood. what is the material on the vent hood ? metal or stained wood ? how was it made ?
output: vent hood. what is the material on the vent hood? is it wood or lvt?

input: where is the chandlier from?
target: where is the chandlier from? it is a beautiful kitchen. thank you.
output: where is the chandlier from? what is the name of it? what is the name of it

input: what is the color of the hood?
target: color of the hood . what is the color of the hood? thanks
output: what is the color of the hood? is it wood or lvt? what is the color of the hood?

input: which brand is the lighting fixture?
target: which brand is the lighting fixture? i love the lighting fixture. where is it from? thank you!
output: lighting fixture. which brand is the lighting fixture? thank you.

input: who makes this faucet?
target: faucet. who makes this faucet? where can i find it?
output: faucet. who makes this faucet? thanks!

input: what floors (color and company) are they?
target: the floors are gorgeous! what floors (color and company) are they? what floors are in the kitchen?
output: floors. what floors(color and company) are they? what floors are in the kitchen? what floors are in this kitchen?

input: what is the paint color of the island?
target: paint color of the island? what is the paint color of the island? thanks!
output: paint color. what is the paint color of the island? thanks

input: i seen your island is a custom stain, i'm just wondering what type of wood it is?
target: what type of wood is island cabinets? i seen your island is a custom stain, i'm just wondering what type of wood it is? gorgeous kitchen!
output: what type of wood is island? i seen your island is a custom stain, i'm just wondering what type of wood it is? thank you!

input: this is lovely, what are the floors and the stain used?
target: what are the floors? hardwood? stain? thank you. this is lovely, what are the floors and the stain used?
output: what are the floors? this is lovely, what are the floors and the stain used? thank you!

input: what is the manufacturer of the chandeliers?
target: light fixture . what is the manufacturer of the chandeliers? very pretty! thank you!
output: what is the manufacturer of the chandeliers? what is the manufacturer of the chandeliers? what is the manufacturer of the chandeliers?

input: what is the name/type of backsplash used here?
target: tile backsplash . name? what is the name/type of backsplash used here?
output: backsplash. what is the name/type of backsplash used here? what is the name/type of backsplash used here? thanks!

input: would like the counters to work.
target: butcher block . love the kitchen . will you please share info on the butcher block . it looks like pine . but is it maple? i have pine beams and a pine floor . would like the counters to work. thank you!!
output: would like the counters to work. thanks.

input: what is width of shelving above desk and width of adjacent cabinet?
target: what is width of shelving above desk and width of adjacent cabinet? i love the desk area! would like to see if it would fit in my kitchen . as well as the cabinet adjacent to desk.
output: what is width of shelving above desk and width of adjacent cabinet? i love this layout and am trying to figure out if this layout is correct.

input: can give some info?
target: love the hex tile floors . can give some info? are they encaustic?
output: love the chairs. can give some info? thanks

input: could you tell me the color of island?
target: could you tell me the color of island? very pretty. we are remodeling and i’m trying to find my island color. i think this color would be nice in the bathrooms as well.
output: could you tell me the color of island? i love the color on the island. thank you!

input: could you please tell me the width of the aisle between the island and perimeter cabinets, and the island and wall behind it?
target: width . hello. could you please tell me the width of the aisle between the island and perimeter cabinets, and the island and wall behind it? and if possible, island dimensions/overhang? thank you!
output: aisle. hello! could you please tell me the width of the aisle between the island and perimeter cabinets, and the island and wall behind it? thank you!

input: what is the square footage of this home?
target: love the layout . what is the square footage of this home? thank you
output: square footage. what is the square footage of this home? thanks

input: where are they from?
target: i love the chandeliers. where are they from? love the chandeliers. where are they from?
output: chandeliers. where are they from? chandeliers?

input: can you tell us what paint colors are used in this kitchen?
target: tearing our hair out picking out paint colors . can you tell us what paint colors are used in this kitchen? thankyou
output: paint colors. can you tell us what paint colors are used in this kitchen? thank you!

input: could you share the brand of the hardware used?
target: beautiful! can you share the brand of the hardware? could you share the brand of the hardware used?
output: hardware. could you share the brand of the hardware used? thanks!

input: what is the stone and size?
target: backsplash . what is the stone and size? thanks in advance!
output: what is the stone and size? i love this kitchen! what is the stone and size? thanks

input: do you happen to know: is this a red oak floor?
target: the floor . in addition to everything else, i really admire the floor. do you happen to know: is this a red oak floor? what stain was used?
output: floor. do you happen to know: is this a red oak floor? what color stain?

input: was the fridge placed in the pantry for flow or just to increase space in the kitchen?
target: nicholson builders has very patiently answered the same question. the shelving is from the container store. thank you nb! hopefully it won't be asked again. i did look for answer to my question, but couldn't find it. i'd like to know the approximate square footage and the decision to put the fridge in the pantry. was the fridge placed in the pantry for flow or just to increase space in the kitchen? or is there another reason? it's a unique idea.
output: fridge. was the fridge placed in the pantry for flow or just to increase space in the kitchen? i'm planning on doing this in my new house. it's been searching for the perfect fridge for my new kitchen.

input: where can i get them?
target: love the baskets on the wall. where can i get them? thank you.
output: love the chairs. where can i get them? they are perfect!

input: can you share the finish and source of the cabinet pulls and knobs?
target: cabinet hardware? hi there, what a fun design! can you share the finish and source of the cabinet pulls and knobs? thank you!
output: cabinet pulls. can you share the finish and source of the cabinet pulls and knobs? thank you!

input: may i inquire where you found the cute stools?
target: kitchen stools . may i inquire where you found the cute stools? thanks!
output: stools. may i inquire where you found the cute stools? thank you!

input: which company and what wood species and stain are they.
target: floors . love the floors. which company and what wood species and stain are they. thank you
output: what company and what wood species and stain are they. i love the cabinets and the color on them. what is the wood and stain? which company and what wood species and stain are they.

input: what is the island color please?
target: island color please . gorgeous kitchen! what is the island color please?
output: what is the island color please? beautiful! what is the island color please?

input: what is the countertop?
target: countertop . what is the countertop? make? name?
output: what is the countertop? is that granite? what is the countertop?

input: would you mind sharing where they're from and what they're called?
target: stools . the stools are adorable! would you mind sharing where they're from and what they're called?
output: love the chairs. would you mind sharing where they're from and what they're called? thank you!

input: are those cabinets painted or stained?
target: cabinet color . are those cabinets painted or stained? what is the color?
output: cabinets. are those cabinets painted or stained? what is the stain color?

input: what is the paint brand and color on the cabinets?
target: paint color and brand . what is the paint brand and color on the cabinets? thank you!
output: what is the paint brand and color on the cabinets? i love this kitchen! what is the paint brand and color on the cabinets?

input: where can you get the subway tile?
target: subway tile . where can you get the subway tile? what is the color and size? thank you,
output: subway tile. where can you get the subway tile? thank you.

input: can you tell me the inches of the cabinet hardware.
target: cabinet hardware . can you tell me the inches of the cabinet hardware. is it 6 1/2 inch or 5
output: cabinet hardware. can you tell me the inches of the cabinet hardware. i'm looking for something just like this.

input: where can we get more information on the light fixtures?
target: where can we get more information on the light fixtures? thank you. the adjustable light fixtures directly over the kitchen. we have a similar ceiling and are looking for something pretty much just like that. thank you.
output: where can we get more information on the light fixtures? i love the light fixtures. where can we get more information on the light fixtures? they are great!

input: hello, what type or brand of paint did you use for the cabinets?
target: cabinet paint . hello, what type or brand of paint did you use for the cabinets? was a primer used as well? thanks
output: cabinets. hello, what type or brand of paint did you use for the cabinets? thank you!

input: i like this faucet and spray was wondering what sink you used with it.
target: what is the name of your sink? thanks . i like this faucet and spray was wondering what sink you used with it.
output: what sink sink did you use? i like this faucet and spray was wondering what sink you used with it. i would love to know the approximate size of this sink. thanks

input: is there a photo for the rest of the kitchen?
target: photo . is there a photo for the rest of the kitchen? and what are the dimensions on the room?
output: is there a photo for the rest of the kitchen? i love this layout and want to see the rest of it. it looks like it's a wall but i'm guessing it is.

input: can you please tell me how much space is between the island and the other counter space?
target: aisle width? can you please tell me how much space is between the island and the other counter space? and on the fridge/pantry side? thank you!
output: what is the width of the island? this is a beautiful kitchen! can you please tell me how much space is between the island and the other counter space? thank you!

input: can you please tell me the name of your color consultant?
target: color consultant . can you please tell me the name of your color consultant? i live in the bay area. thanks.
output: color consultant. can you please tell me the name of your color consultant? thank you!

input: what brand is the set up here?
target: matching faucet and filtered water dispenser . i am having a heck of a time finding a decent faucet andamp. cold water dispenser that matches. what brand is the set up here?
output: what brand is the set up here? thank you. i have a great idea for this kitchen.

input: if so with what type of material.
target: did they stain the ceiling? if so with what type of material. thanks
output: what type of wood is this? if so with what type of material. thanks

input: hi, is the butcher block built in or customized to fit on top?
target: butcher block . hi, is the butcher block built in or customized to fit on top? thanks!
output: butcher block. hi, is the butcher block built in or customized to fit on top? thanks!

input: i'm currently thinking of remodeling my house and i wanted to get an idea of how much it would cost.
target: how much did it cost for everything (not including appliences or dishes)? i'm currently thinking of remodeling my house and i wanted to get an idea of how much it would cost. i really love this kitchen!
output: how much did it cost for the tile? i'm currently thinking of remodeling my house and i wanted to get an idea of how much it would cost. thanks

input: still wondering what the colors are, looks like a lot of people asked, but there is no answer?
target: cabinet colors?? still wondering what the colors are, looks like a lot of people asked, but there is no answer? thanks!
output: what colors are on the walls? still wondering what the colors are, looks like a lot of people asked, but there is no answer? thanks

input: countertop and cupboard manufacturer?
target: countertop and cupboard manufacturer? is this a soapstone countertop? love it! also, cabinet maker andamp. color?? thanks.
output: countertop and cupboard manufacturer? what is the name of this kitchen? it's beautiful!

input: however, what type/finish was used on these cabinets?
target: paint finish . i am in process of replacing kitchen cabinets and i want a painted finiish. an oil.based (enameled) paint in a matte finish was recommended for keeping clean and durability. however, what type/finish was used on these cabinets?
output: what type of wood is used? i'm in love with this kitchen! i'm in the middle of a project that is going through. however, what type/finish was used on these cabinets?

input: i have been trying to find the tile you have tagged here as 3x6/delray/whitecaps but can't seem to locate it?
target: i love this kitchen! saw the tile tag but can't find the product? sorry to bother you! i have been trying to find the tile you have tagged here as 3x6/delray/whitecaps but can't seem to locate it? i'm sure i'm missing something obvious, but would love your help if you don't mind giving more detail? thank you!!
output: i have been trying to find the tile you have tagged here as 3x6/delray/whitecaps but can't seem to locate it? i love this tile but am trying to find it. what is the name of it?

input: can you please tell me the size of the island and clearances on all sides.
target: what is island size . can you please tell me the size of the island and clearances on all sides. thanks.
output: what is the island size and clearances on all sides. can you please tell me the size of the island and clearances on all sides. thanks

input: where did you find the bar stools?
target: bar stools . beautiful kitchen! where did you find the bar stools?
output: where did you find the bar stools? love the bar stools! where can i find them?

input: what is the distance from the end of the island to the range ?
target: distance from island to appliances . what is the distance from the end of the island to the range ? also the distance from the sink to the island?
output: distance from the end of the island to the range? what is the distance from the end of the island to the range? thank you!

input: could you tell me the paint color of the peripheral cabinets?
target: color of cabinets . could you tell me the paint color of the peripheral cabinets? also, is the grout black or grey? and lastly, island dimensions? thank you! love this kitchen!
output: could you tell me the paint color of the peripheral cabinets? i'm looking for a light gray or white. thanks!

input: what and how, please.
target: we love the cabinet staining. what and how, please. tulsa,ok . our floors are grey tile and we are trying not to paint the cabinets. this would be a fabulous option. i know this is giving away a secret, but we are not in the your area. thanks for your consideration.
output: what and how, please. i have to have the floors. what and how, please.

input: what is the finish on the handles, brushed nickel?
target: handles and knobs . what is the finish on the handles, brushed nickel? please advise
output: handles. what is the finish on the handles, brushed nickel? i love this kitchen!

input: what brand and colour is the hardware you used?
target: hardware . hi, i got this delta faucet for my kitchen too! what brand and colour is the hardware you used? thanks!
output: hardware. what brand and colour is the hardware you used? thanks

input: what tile is the backsplash and grout color?
target: backsplash . what tile is the backsplash and grout color? love it!
output: backsplash. what tile is the backsplash and grout color? thanks

input: can you please tell me who makes the hardware and what the finish is called?
target: hardware . can you please tell me who makes the hardware and what the finish is called? thanks so much!
output: hardware. can you please tell me who makes the hardware and what the finish is called? thanks!

input: can you please tell me where i can purchase the pendant lights above the island?
target: pendant light . can you please tell me where i can purchase the pendant lights above the island? thanks.
output: pendant lights. can you please tell me where i can purchase the pendant lights above the island? thank you.

input: where did you purchase?
target: faucet and potfiller . love them! where did you purchase? are they brassy color?
output: love the chairs. where did you purchase? thank you.

input: hello, would you be able to tell me what material was used to cover the range hood?
target: range hood? hello, would you be able to tell me what material was used to cover the range hood? thank you in advance!
output: range hood. hello, would you be able to tell me what material was used to cover the range hood? thank you!

input: what brand and name is the backsplash?
target: backsplash tile . what brand and name is the backsplash? love the vintage look.
output: backsplash. what brand and name is the backsplash? love it!

input: can you please tell me which type of soapstone this is and where it was purchased?
target: soapstone counters . can you please tell me which type of soapstone this is and where it was purchased? i live a few blocks away from this house!
output: soapstone. can you please tell me which type of soapstone this is and where it was purchased? thank you!

input: can you please tell me where i can find this light?
target: pendant light . can you please tell me where i can find this light? i already have the trinsic champagne gold faucet and i like the two together. thanks in advance
output: light. can you please tell me where i can find this light? thank you!

input: may i ask what brand and finish the faucet is?
target: what brand is the faucet? this is a lovely kitchen! i particularly like the warm brass hardware. may i ask what brand and finish the faucet is? thank you for your time.
output: what brand is the faucet? this kitchen is amazing! i'm in love with this kitchen! may i ask what brand and finish the faucet is?

input: were those custom.built, or did you find or adapt something ready.made (and if the latter, where)?
target: nice! inside the drawer, the racks that hold the spices – . were those custom.built, or did you find or adapt something ready.made (and if the latter, where)?
output: i love the cabinetry! were those custom. built, or did you find or adapt something ready. made(and if the latter, where) ? thank you!

input: what are the countertops made from?
target: what are the countertops made from? those are beautiful countertops in a gorgeous kitchen! i love the black stone. it's very unique. my husband and i want new countertops like these for our kitchen. http://www.house.of.floors.com/contentpage.aspx?id=27829
output: what are the countertops? what are the countertops made from? thanks

input: it's hard to tell from photo if the tiles are a pale grey glass or a clear white glass?
target: did you paint the french grey color before glass tiles were added? specifically . did you paint the walls the french grey color before clear glass tiles were put on . so the paint color would show through? it's hard to tell from photo if the tiles are a pale grey glass or a clear white glass?
output: tiles. it's hard to tell from photo if the tiles are a pale grey glass or a clear white glass? thanks

input: can you tell me what make/model these cabinet pulls are?
target: cabinet pulls . can you tell me what make/model these cabinet pulls are? beautiful!
output: cabinet pulls. can you tell me what make/model these cabinet pulls are? i love the cabinet pulls.

input: do you have any information on the island counter top?
target: counter top . do you have any information on the island counter top? material?
output: what is the island counter top? do you have any information on the island counter top? thank you!

input: what is the brand/model no.
target: faucet . love the room! what is the brand/model no. of the faucets? thanks!
output: love the chairs. what is the brand/model no. of chairs? thank you!

input: i understand it will darken over time but just want to understand what is actually shown here.
target: another question about the soapstone . i love the color of the soapstone in this picture . in particular the grey hue. is the one in the picture honed? oiled? or completely unfinished. i found beautiful grey soapstone . that is very similar unoiled and really want to achieve this look (rathern than the dark black). i understand it will darken over time but just want to understand what is actually shown here.
output: what is the back splash? i am planning on using this color in my kitchen. i understand it will darken over time but just want to understand what is actually shown here.

input: what type of material and finish used?
target: tell me about the floors . they are beautiful? what type of material and finish used?
output: floors? what type of material and finish used? thanks

input: who makes the kitchen island pendant lights .
target: kitchen island pendant lights . who makes the kitchen island pendant lights . love them!!
output: kitchen island pendant lights. who makes the kitchen island pendant lights. thank you

input: who makes your dining room table and chairs?
target: who makes your dining room table and chairs? love your dining room table and chairs i can see in the background. please share the maker and style. thank you.
output: who makes your dining room table and chairs? who makes your dining room table and chairs? thank you!

input: if so, how do you keep odors down as it doesn't appear to have a lid?
target: garbage drawer question . the black bin into which you are putting the vegetable scraps . is it a composting bin? if so, how do you keep odors down as it doesn't appear to have a lid?
output: garbage drawer. is that a door? if so, how do you keep odors down as it doesn't appear to have a lid?

input: would you mind sharing the source for the counter tops?
target: gorgeous kitchen! would you mind sharing the source for the counter tops? again, gorgeous! thank you!
output: beautiful kitchen! would you mind sharing the source for the counter tops? thanks!

input: do you know how many inches are between the island and wall with the fridge?
target: beautiful space . lovely kitchen! do you know how many inches are between the island and wall with the fridge?
output: do you know how many inches are between the island and wall with the fridge? i'm planning on on doing this in my kitchen. i'm planning on doing something similar in my kitchen.

input: what is the brand/model of the refrigerator.
target: brand and model of refrigerator . what is the brand/model of the refrigerator. is it built in or counter depth?
output: refrigerator. what is the brand/model of the refrigerator. i love the look!

input: i was wondering how high the ceilings are in this kitchen?
target: ceiling height . i was wondering how high the ceilings are in this kitchen? thank you
output: ceiling height. i was wondering how high the ceilings are in this kitchen? thanks

input: what is the length of the wall with rage and sink.
target: what is the length of the wall with rage and sink. i would love to set up sink and range on same wall but i only have about 12 ft to work with. not sure if it is enough space.
output: what is the length of the wall with rage and sink. i love this kitchen. i want to do something similar in my kitchen. i want to do something similar in my kitchen.

input: what company makes this?
target: is the lighting custom? what company makes this? it's the bar that intrigues me
output: what company makes this? what company makes this? thank you!

input: is the sink and counter fabricated by the same shop as the cabinetry?
target: this is a gorgeous space! a question regarding the sink . is the sink and counter fabricated by the same shop as the cabinetry? i'm searching for a 42" stainless apron front sink and beginning to think custom may be the only option. would you consider sharing the source? thank you!
output: is the sink and counter fabricated by the same shop as the cabinetry? what is the brand of the sink? is the sink and counter fabricated by the same shop as the cabinetry?

input: who makes the range hood?
target: who makes the range hood? who makes the range hood. great kitchen and house!
output: range hood. who makes the range hood? it's beautiful!

input: could you share the paint color and finish on the windows please?
target: could you share the paint color and finish on the windows please? i have checked all of the photos for this project but was unable to come across this information. i read that they are wood and that you painted them. i was hoping you could share the color and finish of paint you used. thank you so much! stunning work!
output: paint color and finish. could you share the paint color and finish on the windows please? thank you!

input: could you share the manufacturer.
target: lighting on ceiling . could you share the manufacturer. thank you. my new favorite space on houzz! just wonderful. i wish you were in pennsylvania.
output: love the chairs. could you share the manufacturer. thank you.

input: do you think the dark beamed ceiling would work for a 8' height if the floors were not painted white?
target: i love this look. in your opinion, how essential are the white floors. my kitchen is evolving into a similar look, however, the dimensions are considerably smaller. do you think the dark beamed ceiling would work for a 8' height if the floors were not painted white?
output: ceiling. do you think the dark beamed ceiling would work for a 8' height if the floors were not painted white? thanks!

input: what are the countertops made out of?
target: what are the countertops made out of? and any other details about them would be great. thanks
output: what are the countertops made out of? i love this kitchen! what are the countertops made out of? thank you!

input: can you share the paint color of the island?
target: can you share the paint color of the island? color of the island? love it!
output: can you share the paint color of the island? thank you. it's beautiful!

input: would love to know where i can purchase the stools.
target: stools . would love to know where i can purchase the stools. thanks
output: stools. would love to know where i can purchase the stools. thanks

input: i would like to know who’s the manufacturer including color and species of wood and also if solid or engineered.
target: can someone tell me what floors are these? i have been looking for these floors and have had no luck. i would like to know who’s the manufacturer including color and species of wood and also if solid or engineered.
output: what type of wood is this? i would like to know who’s the manufacturer including color and species of wood and also if solid or engineered. thanks!

input: trying to decide between quartz and quartzite.is the beauty of quartzite worth the cost?
target: counter tops . what color quartz is the countered. trying to decide between quartz and quartzite.is the beauty of quartzite worth the cost?
output: quartz vs quartz. what is the cost? trying to decide between quartz and quartzite. is the beauty of quartzite worth the cost?

input: is that a microwave drawer by the sink?
target: microwave drawer . is that a microwave drawer by the sink? what brand?
output: is that a microwave drawer by the sink? what is the name of it? what is the name of the drawer?

input: can you share the name/website of the mfr?
target: beautiful faucet! can you share the name/website of the mfr? the whole kitchen is gorgeousness. if this were my kitchen i would sleep in here too .)
output: can you share the name/website of the mfr? i love the band! thanks!

input: asking because this is what my kitchen would look like.
target: what is space bt the kitchen sink and the stove. gorgeous kitchen!!! this is the exact layout my designer suggested for my kitchen. my only fear is that there is too much space between the kitchen sink and the range. in my case there would be 7ft between sink and stove (directly across from each other). i cannot fit a secondary sink on the wall with oven. do you find it functions well? carrying a pot of boiling water from stove to sink??? as well do you find the island disrupts the flow? asking because this is what my kitchen would look like. many thanks!
output: what is the wall color? asking because this is what my kitchen would look like. thank you

input: would love to cook there.
target: lovely! the kitchen is so lovely, very warm and inviting. would love to cook there. the entire transformation of this home is stunning!!
output: would love to cook there. i'm planning on doing a similar layout in my kitchen. i'm planning on doing a similar layout for my new house.

input: what are the counters?
target: what are the counters? color? stone?
output: what are the counters? i love the counters. what are the counters?

input: what brand is your fridge and how did they get it took look so much like part of the cabinets?
target: fridge . what brand is your fridge and how did they get it took look so much like part of the cabinets? who made your cabinets?
output: fridge. what brand is your fridge and how did they get it took look so much like part of the cabinets? thanks

input: would like a creamish wall colour.lnow of any that go with the cupboards?
target: kitchen . i have orangish wood cupboards. would like a creamish wall colour.lnow of any that go with the cupboards?
output: what is the stain on the cabinets? would like a creamish wall colour. lnow of any that go with the cupboards? thanks

input: can you tell me the dimensions of the table please.
target: lovely kitchen . can you tell me the dimensions of the table please. thank you
output: dimensions. can you tell me the dimensions of the table please. thank you.

input: what are the dimensions and ceiling height?
target: beautiful kitchen! what are the dimensions and ceiling height? thanks!
output: dimensions and ceiling height. what are the dimensions and ceiling height? thank you!

input: now, however, the gold seems dated and i want to replace it with brushed stainless, because i think it looks dated with the gold.
target: gold hardware, are they date now? i am new to houzz, and this kitchen is stunning! what caught my eye is the gold hardware especially the faucet. in 1998 i completely renovated my kitchen into a classic, traditional one, for my 1920s home. i also used all gold accents, including the faucet. everything is still like new, even 16 years later. now, however, the gold seems dated and i want to replace it with brushed stainless, because i think it looks dated with the gold. all my appliances are white and the cabinets are maple, all custom. my husband thinks i am crazy to change all faucet and cabinet hardware, etc. can someone advise me. is gold a very dated look? would it look more up.to.date with silver.color hardware? many thanks. yesterday
output: gold hardware. what type of hardware is the gold hardware? now, however, the gold seems dated and i want to replace it with brushed stainless, because i think it looks dated with the gold. thanks!

input: you have created what i would describe as the kitchen of my dreams.
target: this is also a compliment, not a question. you have created what i would describe as the kitchen of my dreams. this is the prettiest kitchen i've ever seen. if for some reason, money were no object, and i could have the most ostentatious kitchen in the world, i would still prefer this kitchen. it is obvious you used top quality stuff, but there is nothing pretentious or hoity.toity about it. every aspect of it is just beautiful, and functional, and most importantly happy!
output: kitchen design. you have created what i would describe as the kitchen of my dreams. thank you!

input: where did island come from?
target: where did island come from? can it be purchased? thanks!
output: where did island come from? love it! love it!

input: what are the measurements of the room?
target: dimensions . this kitchen is an absolute dream. what are the measurements of the room? including the ceiling height.
output: dimensions. what are the measurements of the room? thanks!

input: how wide is the space?
target: i love the island. how wide is the space? thanks.
output: width of the island. how wide is the space? thanks

input: now when they age i know what color they will be, the same as these .
target: this is just a compliment, not a question. this kitchen is the most gorgeous i have ever laid eyes upon. i was going to paint my kitchen cabinets green, but was afraid i'd tire of the green. now when they age i know what color they will be, the same as these . you are one very talented designer. this entire home is gorgeous. just my style.
output: what is the color on the walls of this kitchen? i am curious what color is the wall on this wall. now when they age i know what color they will be, the same as these.

input: was the island custom or was it purchased?
target: was the island custom or was it purchased? if it was purchased, where? i have been looking for a long narrow island for over a year! any leads would be greatly appreciated!
output: was the island custom or was it purchased? what is the price? thank you!

input: what is the lower cabinet color?
target: what is the lower cabinet color? what paint brand? please don't tell me it's a custom mix!
output: what is the lower cabinet color? what is the lower cabinet color? thank you!

input: any ideas where i can find one?
target: i am lookin for a rug just like this. any ideas where i can find one? thanks!
output: i have a dreamy kitchen. any ideas where i can find one? thanks!

input: while i very much like the basic idea of the drawer beneath the plumbing pipes, without a drawer handle elsewhere, wouldn't the horizontal board on the bottom of the drawer likely end up being used to pull out the drawer.
target: is any hidden hardware used? while i very much like the basic idea of the drawer beneath the plumbing pipes, without a drawer handle elsewhere, wouldn't the horizontal board on the bottom of the drawer likely end up being used to pull out the drawer. and, if so, as it is currently attached over the ends of the sides, how would it not get pulled loose from the sides or is it attached by hidden hardware. and, if so, what kind?
output: what is the bottom of the bottom of the drawer? while i very much like the basic idea of the drawer beneath the plumbing pipes, without a drawer handle elsewhere, wouldn't the horizontal board on the bottom of the drawer likely end up being used to pull out the drawer. thanks!

input: would you mind sharing the source for the lights, please?
target: inspiring design! such amazing pendant lights! would you mind sharing the source for the lights, please? thank you.
output: lights. would you mind sharing the source for the lights, please? thank you!

input: can you tell me what brand and style flooring this is?
target: what flooring is this? so beautiful! can you tell me what brand and style flooring this is? thanks!
output: what is the flooring? can you tell me what brand and style flooring this is? thanks

input: who makes these cup pulls?
target: cup pulls . who makes these cup pulls? thanks!
output: cup pulls. who makes these cup pulls? thanks!

input: do you have details on the backsplash?
target: backsplash tile? do you have details on the backsplash? where you bought it/color? please andamp. thank you!
output: backsplash. do you have details on the backsplash? what is the name of the tile? thanks

input: what are the dimensions of the cabinets and also, the dimensions of the counters?
target: island dimensions? what are the dimensions of the cabinets and also, the dimensions of the counters? the overhang ?
output: what are the dimensions of the cabinets and also, the dimensions of the counters? i love this! what are the dimensions of the cabinets and also, the dimensions of the counters? thanks!

input: what made you decide on honed granite?
target: perfect! i'm trying to decide between honed granite and soapstone. what made you decide on honed granite? .besides waxing of soapstone. appreciate your feedback.
output: honed granite. what made you decide on honed granite? thanks

input: can you tell me approx sq footage and number of bedrooms?
target: square footage . can you tell me approx sq footage and number of bedrooms? thank you
output: square footage. can you tell me approx sq footage and number of bedrooms? thanks

input: how high off the island did you hang the pendants?
target: ceiling height . beautiful! how tall are the ceilings? how high off the island did you hang the pendants?
output: pendants. how high off the island did you hang the pendants? thank you!

input: what kind of countertop did you use?
target: beautiful! what kind of countertop did you use? what color is it?
output: what kind of countertop did you use? i'm about to need to replace cabinets. what is the name of it? thanks

input: would you kindly share the exact paint color of the kitchen cabinets and the backsplash material and color?
target: other photos of this kitchen? backsplash material and color? what a lovely kitchen! are there other views of this room? would you kindly share the exact paint color of the kitchen cabinets and the backsplash material and color? beautiful!
output: kitchen cabinets. would you kindly share the exact paint color of the kitchen cabinets and the backsplash material and color? thank you!

input: what is size of island legs.
target: island legs . what is size of island legs. where are they sourced from?
output: island legs. what is size of island legs. thank you.

input: what is color/finish on the cabinets?
target: cabinets . what door style are these cabinets. what is color/finish on the cabinets?
output: cabinets. what is color/finish on the cabinets? thanks

input: who makes the counter chairs?
target: chairs/stools . who makes the counter chairs? they actually look comfortable and the dark blue hue is a good contrast against the counters
output: who makes the counter chairs? who makes the counter chairs? they are perfect!

input: where did you purchase those from?
target: i really like the lights? where did you purchase those from? thanks!
output: love the chairs. where did you purchase those from? thank you.

input: can you tell me what material the countertops are?
target: countertops? can you tell me what material the countertops are? thanks!
output: what material is the countertops? i love the countertops. can you tell me what material the countertops are? thank you.

input: what is the info on the pendants.
target: what is the info on the pendants. my favorite kitchen hands down. i'm finally able to redo my kitchen and i'am copying your ideas.
output: what is the info on the pendants. i love the pendants! what is the info on the pendants. thank you

input: do you think this torquay would match with crema marfil flooring?
target: torquay . do you think this torquay would match with crema marfil flooring? i'm doing bm white acadia on cabinets andamp. iron mountain on island? what is the thickness of quartz also? thank you!!
output: torquay. do you think this torquay would match with crema marfil flooring? thanks!

input: can you give details?
target: floor and chairs . love your floor and chairs . can you give details?
output: backsplash. i love this backsplash! can you give details?

input: but can you tell me dimensions of the countertops so i can assess the relative space of the room?
target: dimensions . the island is 3x8 . but can you tell me dimensions of the countertops so i can assess the relative space of the room? thanks
output: dimensions. but can you tell me dimensions of the countertops so i can assess the relative space of the room? thanks!

input: we have 2" at the top, and i'd like to get a sense of what that looks like as a flat piece.
target: what is the height of the crown molding? we have 2" at the top, and i'd like to get a sense of what that looks like as a flat piece. (white shaker cabinets in a small kitchen.) thanks!
output: what is the height of the ceiling? we have 2" at the top, and i'd like to get a sense of what that looks like as a flat piece.

input: is this countertop one piece?
target: countertop . is this countertop one piece? no seam
output: countertop. is this countertop one piece? thank you!

input: could you say what the width is on this cabinet.
target: cabinet width . could you say what the width is on this cabinet. 30 or 36. thanks
output: what is the width of the cabinets? could you say what the width is on this cabinet. thank you

input: can you please provide info on the thickness and edge profile for the danby marble on the island?
target: counter edge profile . can you please provide info on the thickness and edge profile for the danby marble on the island? its beautiful!
output: can you please provide info on the thickness and edge profile for the danby marble on the island? i have a question and am curious about how thick is the counter top. can you please provide info on the thickness and edge profile for the danby marble on the island? thank you.

input: what color paint is on the perimeter cabinets?
target: cabinet color . beautiful kitchen. what color paint is on the perimeter cabinets? it blends beautifully with the counter tops and the island color.
output: what color paint is on the perimeter cabinets? i love this kitchen! what color paint is on the perimeter cabinets?

input: how large is this island and how much of a difference in height between the two surfaces?
target: what are the island dimensions? how large is this island and how much of a difference in height between the two surfaces? thanks!
output: how large is this island and how much is a difference in height between the two surfaces? i have a similar ceiling and am trying to figure out how to achieve this same ceiling. thanks!

input: also, is the hardware on the cabinets and faucet matte black or oil rubbed bronze?
target: flooring details:) . hello! would you mind sharing the flooring information? also, is the hardware on the cabinets and faucet matte black or oil rubbed bronze? beautiful!
output: what is the finish on the cabinets? also, is the hardware on the cabinets and faucet matte black or oil rubbed bronze? thank you!

input: do you think a black leathered granite would work in this space?
target: countertop question . i love this kitchen! do you think a black leathered granite would work in this space?
output: what is the brand of the countertops? do you think a black leathered granite would work in this space? thank you!

input: would you please share where the range hood came from?
target: range hood is lovely! love the overall design and balance of the room with light and dark. would you please share where the range hood came from? thank you!
output: range hood. would you please share where the range hood came from? thank you!

input: i’m wanting to paint my cabinets this color however i think the trim in my house is a decorators white.
target: does the white trim match the white dove cabinets? i’m wanting to paint my cabinets this color however i think the trim in my house is a decorators white. will it clash?
output: what color stain is on the cabinets? i’m wanting to paint my cabinets this color however i think the trim in my house is a decorators white.

input: i'm wondering if you could tell me about the main sink faucet?
target: faucet make/model . hi martha, this kitchen is just stunning. i love so many elements about it. i'm wondering if you could tell me about the main sink faucet? i'd really appreciate it.
output: main sink faucet. i love this kitchen! i'm wondering if you could tell me about the main sink faucet? thanks!

input: is that still the trend or doing cabinets like you did with larger molding?
target: hello.beautiful kitchen. can you tell me how big your moldings are . i'd like to know how big your moldings are to get to the ceiling? we are starting construction and i'm designing our kitchen. we have a 9' as well. i originally wanted to do a stacked cabinet so that i could get up to the ceiling. is that still the trend or doing cabinets like you did with larger molding? it just seems that the smaller stacked cabinet is a waste of money. also, another question.i have someone laying out the design for me and they have a 39" wide cabinet. that seems a bit large to me. can you tell me how large your cabinets are along the sink wall? thanks, sue
output: how tall is the cabinet to the ceiling? is that still the trend or doing cabinets like you did with larger molding? i'm planning on doing this in my new house and i think this is my dream kitchen.

input: do you have any design suggestions or tips?
target: bm white dove question . hi martha! i love your work and particularly love your use of color. it was therefore natural for me to select bm white dove for my cabinets and trim in my martha’s vineyard home. now that my white marble countertops have been installed, the white dove cabinets read yellow and clash with the countertops. do you have any design suggestions or tips? please help. thanks.
output: floors. i am planning to do floors in a new home. do you have any design suggestions or tips?

input: would dark wood stools and table set go with this look ( i currently have a pottery barn set that i was hoping would work well. )
target: love everything about this kitchen . do you have any details on the hood and color floor? would dark wood stools and table set go with this look ( i currently have a pottery barn set that i was hoping would work well. )
output: love this! would dark wood stools and table set go with this look(i currently have a pottery barn set that i was hoping would work well. )

input: what color is the island?
target: island . what color is the island? my wife wants to have a blue island in our new home.
output: what color is the island? i love this kitchen! what color is the island?

input: hi, love the subway tile?
target: hi, love the subway tile? size and brand ? is it glossy? thanks!!
output: subway tile. hi, love the subway tile? what is the stain?

input: our kitchen ceiling is 10 feet and the island is 10 ft by 4 ft. should i order medium or large darlana lanterns?
target: love this! ceiling/light question . what is the ceiling height here? our kitchen ceiling is 10 feet and the island is 10 ft by 4 ft. should i order medium or large darlana lanterns?
output: ceiling. this is a beautiful kitchen! our kitchen ceiling is 10 feet and the island is 10 ft by 4 ft. should i order medium or large darlana lanterns? thanks!

input: we have 10 foot ceilings and our island is 10 by 4. should i get the medium or large darlana lanterns?
target: lanterns and ceiling height . how tall are the ceilings in here? we have 10 foot ceilings and our island is 10 by 4. should i get the medium or large darlana lanterns?
output: ceiling. this is a beautiful kitchen! we have 10 foot ceilings and our island is 10 by 4. should i get the medium or large darlana lanterns? thanks!

input: if your trim is all white dove through the whole home, should your kitchen cabinets be as well?
target: color . if your trim is all white dove through the whole home, should your kitchen cabinets be as well? i'm afraid it will all wash out if i do white dove on cabinetry, with marble counters.
output: trim. if your trim is all white dove through the whole home, should your kitchen cabinets be as well? i'm trying to figure out if this is a good idea for my kitchen design.

input: could you suggest a light fixture that would compliment these?
target: could you suggest a light fixture that would compliment these? we have a breakfast room [windowed on three sides] off the kitchen. i would like to put a round 48.54" pedestal table there. it's an open concept so the darlana pendants would be seen from the breakfast area and the great rm is also open to the kitchen. thanks in advance for your help!
output: could you suggest a light fixture that would compliment these? i have a customer that loves the light fixtures and i want to put them in my kitchen that i want to be sure it's not too dark. thank you!

input: love them and trying to determine size?
target: what size darlana pendants are these? medium ? love them and trying to determine size?
output: size. love them and trying to determine size? thanks

input: what is the island countertop?
target: island . what is the island countertop? thanks!
output: what is the island countertop? what is the island countertop? thank you!

input: where can i ring them
target: lighting . love the drum lights. where can i ring them
output: lighting. where can i ring them

input: what is the color of the island cabinetry?
target: what is the color of the island cabinetry? what is the hood finish? building a home in ga. your kitchen will be the inspiration. it is beautiful. we are using reclaimed wood/log skins and stone.
output: what is the color of the island cabinetry? i love this kitchen! what is the color of the island cabinetry?

input: can you tell me where you got the lights over the island?
target: lighting? can you tell me where you got the lights over the island? thanks!
output: lights. can you tell me where you got the lights over the island? thanks

input: are the counters honed?
target: counters honed? hello. are the counters honed?
output: counters honed? are the counters honed? what is the material?

input: what are the interior cabinets made of?
target: what are the interior cabinets made of? plywood? melamine? my cabinet maker wants to make mine out of melamine. i fear that it might not be the best option.
output: what are the interior cabinets made of? i love this kitchen! what is the name of the cabinet color?

input: can you please share info on the tile used for the backsplash?
target: backsplash . can you please share info on the tile used for the backsplash? thank you:)
output: backsplash. can you please share info on the tile used for the backsplash? thank you!

input: how can i find them?
target: love the stools. how can i find them? thanks.
output: stools. i love the stools. how can i find them?

input: how thick are the marble countertops?
target: counter thickness . how thick are the marble countertops? thank you!
output: countertops. how thick are the marble countertops? thanks

input: and what did you use on the counters.
target: beautiful kitchen. what is the size of the island. and what did you u . what is the size of the island. and what did you use on the counters. thank you
output: kitchen cabinets. what is the color and number of the cabinets? and what did you use on the counters.

input: what color was used on the cabinets?
target: cabinet color? what color was used on the cabinets? beautifully done!
output: what color was used on the cabinets? i'm trying to decide if my cabinets go white or black. i'm trying to decide which color to go with. thanks!

input: need idea as what color to paint walls.
target: what colors are in the countertop . i'm redoing my kitchen and have painted my cabinets a sand color by vintage market which is a chalk paint. it is more of a light grey. need idea as what color to paint walls. also going with a laminate and would like a white color with some grey and taupe in it. any idea on backsplash .
output: what color is the wall? need idea as what color to paint walls. what is the stain color?

input: what is the name of the granite on the island?
target: what is the name of the granite on the island? love it! what is the name of the granite on the island? love it!
output: what is the name of the granite on the island? i love the look on it. where can i get it? thanks

input: do you happen to recall what grout was used?
target: kitchen remodel . your picture inspired us to use long white glass subway tile for our backsplash. do you happen to recall what grout was used? thanks!
output: grout color? do you happen to recall what grout was used? thanks

input: how did you come to use something that seems quite blueish and make it work with the green?
target: wall tile . lovely room! i'm curious about the wall tile details. we just put in green granite and are really struggling with backsplash decision. what you chose looks great. how did you come to use something that seems quite blueish and make it work with the green? our condo is in port charlotte.
output: how did you come to use something that seems quite blueish and make it work with the green? i have been looking for something that seems quite blueish and make it work with the green?

input: what is the granite used here?
target: kitchen remodel on the river . what is the granite used here? i like that it is not so stark.
output: granite. what is the granite used here? thank you

input: what are the dimensions?
target: cdep19@gmail.com . i love the island. what are the dimensions? who is manufacturer?
output: dimensions. what are the dimensions? thanks!

input: can you tell me what color the cabinets and trim pieces are?
target: cabinet color and trim . can you tell me what color the cabinets and trim pieces are? i'm trying to decide between a true white and an off.white. i like the color used here and would like to match it.
output: what color are the cabinets? can you tell me what color the cabinets and trim pieces are? thanks

input: where can i find?
target: pendants . i love these pendants. where can i find? the for, shape andamp. simplicity is great.
output: love the chairs! where can i find? thank you!

input: any idea of the dimensions?
target: room dimensions please . love the comfortable feel of this room. any idea of the dimensions?
output: dimensions please? any idea of the dimensions? thanks

input: are they clear glass(installed over wedgewood gray wall color) or colored?
target: back.splash glass tile specs, please. specs on the glass back.splash tiles, please. are they clear glass(installed over wedgewood gray wall color) or colored? thanks!
output: cabinet color. are they clear glass(installed over wedgewood gray wall color) or colored? thanks

input: could you tell me the manufacturer?
target: love the window treatments. could you tell me the manufacturer? thanks
output: i love the pendant lights! could you tell me the manufacturer? thanks!

input: what is the color and material of the countertops?
target: paint color? what is the color and material of the countertops? thanks
output: what is the color and material of the countertops? i love this kitchen! what is the color and material of the countertops? thanks

input: do you remember what brand and color flooring was used in this kitchen?
target: is the flooring solid hardwood or engineered? do you remember what brand and color flooring was used in this kitchen? very pretty!
output: what is the flooring? do you remember what brand and color flooring was used in this kitchen? thank you!

input: are the cabinets stock?
target: cabinets . i love the kitchen! are the cabinets stock? semi? or custom? thanks!!!
output: cabinets. are the cabinets stock? what size?

input: and are they all the same size?
target: hardware size? hi, i'm looking at these exact pulls from rh. what size pulls did you use? and are they all the same size? i love your kitchen!
output: size of cabinets. what size cabinets are? and are they all the same size?

input: can you tell me the source?
target: light fixtures! i love those light fixtures! can you tell me the source?
output: light fixtures. love the light fixtures. can you tell me the source?

input: is that 3x6" beveled subway tile, or is it larger?
target: love the subway tile! is it beveled? what size are they? hi, i am trying to choose back splash for my kitchen update. is that 3x6" beveled subway tile, or is it larger? thank you!
output: love the subway tile. is that 3x6" beveled subway tile, or is it larger? what is the size of the dishboard?

input: is this ceasarstone or cambria?
target: countertop material and colour . is this ceasarstone or cambria? what is the colour. thank you.
output: backsplash. is this ceasarstone or cambria? what is the material?

input: can you please tell me the width of the sink base and the width of the sink?
target: sink base . hello! can you please tell me the width of the sink base and the width of the sink? thanks!
output: sink. can you please tell me the width of the sink base and the width of the sink? thank you!

input: do you know what counter top brand and color was used?
target: countertop . do you know what counter top brand and color was used? thanks
output: countertop brand and color. do you know what counter top brand and color was used? thank you!

input: source for backsplash tile?
target: source for backsplash tile? it appears to be a simple beveled subway tile but i'm having a surprising amount of trouble finding a good source. thanks
output: source for backsplash? love it! thanks!

input: do you think both counter and tiles polished will look good together because they're both in a polished finish?
target: counter and tiles . is the caesarstone counter top polished? i'm interested in the frosty carrina from caesarstone (similar to the one in the picture, but a bit more veining) and white 3x6 polished subway tiles (not beveled). do you think both counter and tiles polished will look good together because they're both in a polished finish? thanks!
output: counter and tiles. do you think both counter and tiles polished will look good together because they're both in a polished finish? i'm guessing they're not polished but i'm guessing they're not polished. thanks!

input: where are the cabinets from?
target: cabinets . where are the cabinets from? thanks!
output: where are the cabinets from? what style? what style?

input: hello is the white a painted cabinet?
target: cabinet . hello is the white a painted cabinet? if so can you please share the finish on the white doors. thank you!
output: cabinet. hello is the white a painted cabinet? thank you!

input: can you tell me where the cabinet pulls are from?
target: hardware . can you tell me where the cabinet pulls are from? thank you!
output: cabinet pulls. can you tell me where the cabinet pulls are from? thank you!

input: can you tell us how tall the ceiling is?
target: can you tell us how tall the ceiling is? thanks! your cabinets look tall and we're dealing with 10 foot ceilings. this could be a solution.
output: ceiling. can you tell us how tall the ceiling is? thanks

input: can you tell me the paint colors used?
target: paint colors . i love this kitchen! can you tell me the paint colors used? thanks. grace
output: paint colors. can you tell me the paint colors used? thank you!

input: what is the wall thickness of the archway?
target: what is the archway's wall thickness? we love this room! what is the wall thickness of the archway? planning to incorporate similar features in our construction. thanks. ~ jessica
output: what is the wall thickness of the archway? is it a 36" ? what is the wall thickness of the archway?

input: did you have texture on the walls?
target: wall texture . beautiful! did you have texture on the walls? if so what is the name? thank you
output: walls. did you have texture on the walls? what is the material?

input: i know this is an older post, however, i'm unable to find anything that has the rich look of this.
target: brick behind range? i have this same range, looking for exactly the type brick/tile behind this range. is there anyway you can provide the name? i know this is an older post, however, i'm unable to find anything that has the rich look of this. thank you
output: what is the style of this post? i know this is an older post, however, i'm unable to find anything that has the rich look of this. thank you.

input: source for mantle?
target: beautiful room. source for mantle? thank you.
output: source for mantle? is it custom made? thanks

input: did you seal the brick behind the cooktop?
target: did you seal the brick behind the cooktop? love this look. we are building and i have an designed arch around my cooktop. my concern is the maintenance of the backsplash and surround considering it will definitely get some grease/food splatter. how did you resolve this?
output: did you seal the brick behind the cooktop? is it glazed or glazed? is it glazed glazed?

input: who made the wood piece above the stove?
target: wood piece above stove . who made the wood piece above the stove? it is beautiful!
output: wood piece above stove. who made the wood piece above the stove? it is beautiful!

input: i will be incorporating much of the design when i do my remodel.
target: my all.time favorite kitchen . i keep coming back to this photo over and over again. it has become my reference for how i want a kitchen to feel. i will be incorporating much of the design when i do my remodel. thank you for sharing!
output: i will be incorporating much of the design when i do my remodel. i will be incorporating much of the design when i do my remodel. thank you.

input: where could i find one?
target: love the afghan antique. where could i find one? or something sim? i am building a home in austin hill country and your kitchen in the equestrian estate is 100% to my taste. i am crazy in love with this look. can you help
output: love the chairs. where could i find one? thanks

input: and what is the exact color name please.
target: counter top . is the counter top marble or granite? and what is the exact color name please. thank you !
output: what is the exact color name please. i love this kitchen! what is the exact color name please. thank you!

input: would i be able to add this stone to my arch opening?
target: stone around the opening . would i be able to add this stone to my arch opening? if so does the stone also goes into the dining area? what color is this stone and where can i purchase it?
output: stone. would i be able to add this stone to my arch opening? it's a beautiful stone.

input: how many different cabinet colors are there and what colors are they?
target: what are the cabinet colors? such an exceptional kitchen! how many different cabinet colors are there and what colors are they?
output: what colors are the cabinets? how many different cabinet colors are there and what colors are they? thank you

input: is there a special method of building used to support the stone?
target: what kind of materials are used in the archway ? is it real stone and what kind of special building techiques . is there a special method of building used to support the stone? its very beautiful!
output: is there a special method of building used to support the stone? is it a special method of building used to support the stone? is it a special method?

input: we love something like this but trying to figure how we could balance out the oven/hearth on the right side.
target: what's on the right side of this oven? we love something like this but trying to figure how we could balance out the oven/hearth on the right side. do you have a picture? thanks!
output: what is the side of the oven? we love something like this but trying to figure how we could balance out the oven/hearth on the right side.

input: have you taken any additional pictures from different angles that you can share?
target: do you have additional pictures of this gem? have you taken any additional pictures from different angles that you can share? you've applied just the right amount of "touches" to indicate it's mediterranean roots, without making it too cliche'. perfection!
output: what are the angle of angle of angle? have you taken any additional pictures from different angles that you can share? thank you!

input: do you think it would fit the 4 oven aga and companion?
target: what is the hood made of? i like the look. do you think it would fit the 4 oven aga and companion?
output: what is the dimensions of this kitchen? do you think it would fit the 4 oven aga and companion? thank you!

input: and perhaps some wine?
target: where is the cheese? i'd like to rip the baguette, so the knife must be for the accompanying cheese . and perhaps some wine?
output: where did you get the table? and perhaps some wine? thanks.

input: what manufacturer made these lights?
target: where can i find both lights? please answer . what manufacturer made these lights?
output: what manufacturer made these lights? what manufacturer made these lights? they are beautiful!

input: what is behind the range .
target: what is behind the range . it is gorgeous . is it a oven door?
output: what is behind the range. is that a door? what is behind the range. is it a door?

input: what kind of material are the countertops made of and what is the color.
target: meleahdiemer@bellsouth.net . what kind of material are the countertops made of and what is the color. i love the look.
output: what is the material of the countertops? what is the color? what is the color. what is the color. what is the color of the countertops? what is the color of the island? what is the color of the island? thanks

input: what is it called and where do i get it?
target: rock . i love the rock in the archway. what is it called and where do i get it?
output: what is it called and where do i get it? i love the pendant lights! what is it called and where do i get it?

input: its exactly what i am looking for.
target: ktichen faucet . its exactly what i am looking for. can you tell me manufacturer? thank you!
output: is that a microwave? what is the brand of the microwave? its exactly what i am looking for.

input: could you tell us what countertop and backsplash were chosen?
target: what countertop and backsplash were used? could you tell us what countertop and backsplash were chosen? i really like the veining and the gray colors.
output: could you tell us what countertop and backsplash were chosen? we are building a house and we are planning a kitchen. thank you!

input: is there a stripused under the cabinets?
target: where are the receptacles?? i don’t see receptacles in the backsplash. is there a stripused under the cabinets?
output: where did you get the hardware? is there a stripused under the cabinets? i'm trying to figure out if this is a good idea.

input: hi, what kind of wood are the lower cabinets and where are both coming from?
target: cabinets . hi, what kind of wood are the lower cabinets and where are both coming from? thanks you.
output: cabinets. hi, what kind of wood are the lower cabinets and where are both coming from? thanks

input: can you please identify the lamps over the island (by manufacturer and style name).
target: love your work! can you please id the lamps over the island? can you please identify the lamps over the island (by manufacturer and style name). thank you!
output: can you please identify the lamps over the island(by manufacturer and style name) . i love the light! thank you!

input: what is the flooring in the picture?
target: what is the flooring in the picture? is it wood or lvt? what is the flooring in the picture? is it wood or lvt?
output: what is the flooring in the picture? is it hardwood or lvt? what is the flooring in the picture?

input: can you tell me what the manufacturer is for the range hood cover.
target: love this kitchen . can you tell me what the manufacturer is for the range hood cover. love the shape and design.
output: range hood cover. can you tell me what the manufacturer is for the range hood cover. thank you

input: what is the back splash behind the sink?
target: back splash . such a pretty kitchen! what is the back splash behind the sink?
output: what is the back splash behind the sink? i love this! thank you!

input: hi, what is the size of this island?
target: island size . hi, what is the size of this island? thanks in advance!
output: island size. hi, what is the size of this island? thanks

input: what is the depth of the base cabinet below window.
target: depth of cabinets . what is the depth of the base cabinet below window. looks less then standard
output: what is the depth of the base cabinet below window. looks like 4 x 4 inches? what is the depth of the base cabinet below window. thanks

input: would you mind sharing the backsplash?
target: would you mind sharing the backsplash? it's all beautiful! backsplash
output: would you mind sharing the backsplash? thank you. it's beautiful!

input: i am using cambria fieldstone on my island and was trying to et a complimentary color for the perimeter cabinets?
target: is the devon cambria have a gray tone? want to match with fieldstone? i am using cambria fieldstone on my island and was trying to et a complimentary color for the perimeter cabinets?
output: what color is the wall wall color? i am using cambria fieldstone on my island and was trying to et a complimentary color for the perimeter cabinets? what color is the wall wall color?

input: it looks like the ceiling and walls are the same color, is that correct?
target: wall and ceiling color . this is a beautiful, refreshing kitchen! it looks like the ceiling and walls are the same color, is that correct? i'd love to know the color. i love this job! thank you for sharing!
output: what color is the wall? it looks like the ceiling and walls are the same color, is that correct? thanks!

input: could u please tell me brand of wall oven.
target: wall oven . could u please tell me brand of wall oven. thank you.
output: could u please tell me brand of wall oven. i love this kitchen. thanks.

input: i'm not sure what to do with the wall between a white hood and a regular stainless steel stove.
target: design for tiling with the basketweave tiles over a regular stainless steel stove . i found the tile at home depot but it is called bianca and i'm going for the honed tile. i'm not sure what to do with the wall between a white hood and a regular stainless steel stove. would it look good with a checkerboardof the l/2" marble squares that come on the same sheet. they are black, grey, brown (i think) all in one tile. i thought if i made an edge two tiles wide around the basketweave in the middle it would break up the wall between the hood and the stove which is a big enough space. what do you think? do you have a better idea?
output: what is the wall color? i'm not sure what to do with the wall between a white hood and a regular stainless steel stove. what is the paint color?

input: can you tell me the dimensions of this kitchen?
target: love this kitchen! can you tell me the dimensions of this kitchen? we have a small kitchen and i think this might work for us.
output: dimensions. can you tell me the dimensions of this kitchen? thanks.

input: where does the tile come from and what is it called .
target: where does the tile come from and what is it called . i have a similar kitchen and we haven't installed a backsplash for years because i couldn't decide on one. this backsplash is beautiful. what is it called and where would one buy it.
output: where does the tile come from and what is it called. i love this kitchen! i'm in love with this. it is a gorgeous kitchen!

input: what is on the floor in front of the sink cabinet?
target: what is on the floor in front of the sink cabinet? looks like a step? a heat vent?
output: what is on the floor in front of the sink cabinet? is it marble? what is the color of the wood?

input: i would love to know what countertops you used in this kitchen.
target: countertops . i would love to know what countertops you used in this kitchen. looks great!
output: what countertops are in the kitchen? i would love to know what countertops you used in this kitchen. thank you

input: how does it open?
target: love the window. how does it open? trying to tell if it's a double.hung and has to be lifted, or some other way. who makes it?
output: how does it open? love the door? how does it open?

input: can you tell me what the countertop is?
target: countertop . can you tell me what the countertop is? quartz? mable? quartzite? many thanks
output: countertop. can you tell me what the countertop is? thank you!

input: specifically, what is the piece between the cabinet and the crown molding?
target: what piece is being used to build up the cabinet height? specifically, what is the piece between the cabinet and the crown molding? thank you.
output: cabinetry piece. specifically, what is the piece between the cabinet and the crown molding? thank you!

input: what specific forevermark cabinet style is this?
target: what specific forevermark cabinet style is this? what forevermark cabinet is this? ice white shaker? how is the quality and how was installation?
output: what specific forevermark cabinet style is this? i love this! thank you!

input: just curious about the island dimensions and how the access outside works from the kitchen.
target: dimensions of island and access to outside? love this project and seeing "sonoma" on houzz. we live in sebastopol. just curious about the island dimensions and how the access outside works from the kitchen. thanks!
output: what is the access to the island? just curious about the access outside works from the kitchen. it looks like it matches the dimensions of the island. thanks

input: can you provide ifo?
target: lights . beautiful pendants. can you provide ifo?
output: i love the pendant lights. can you provide ifo? thank you.

input: what is the make andamp.
target: refrigerator make and model. what is the make andamp. model of the refrigerator please.
output: love the cabinets. what is the make andamp. color of cabinets?

input: can you please tell me about the island.
target: can you please tell me about the island. what is the wood and color . supplier would be helpful . i am in canada but i would like to get a wood sample of the stain . thank you!
output: can you please tell me about the island. it is beautiful. thank you.

input: do you know the brand/style of them?
target: counter stool brand/style? beautiful kitchen! and love those counter stools! do you know the brand/style of them?
output: love the cabinets. do you know the brand/style of them? thanks

input: what is the floor material?
target: what is the floor material? is the floor tile or wood? and what color/stain is it?
output: what is the floor material? is it wood? what is the floor material?

input: could you share what kind they are?
target: beautiful kitchen . especially love the marble tiles. could you share what kind they are?
output: love the cabinets. could you share what kind they are? thank you!

input: which material did you use for the island countertop?
target: island countertop . this is beautiful, as always. which material did you use for the island countertop?
output: island countertop. which material did you use for the island countertop? thank you!

input: what are these floors?
target: floors . what are these floors? just gorgeous.
output: floors. what are these floors? what are these floors?

input: could you please tell me the maker and color of the tile backsplash.
target: tile backsplash please. could you please tell me the maker and color of the tile backsplash. thanks!
output: tile backsplash. could you please tell me the maker and color of the tile backsplash. thanks

input: can you share the flooring.
target: lovely kitchen. can you share the flooring. thanks
output: floor. can you share the flooring. thank you

input: island dimensions .
target: island dimensions . i would also like to know the island dimensions, if you could share that please. thanks so much, michelle
output: island dimensions. i would love to know the dimensions of this kitchen, and i'm trying to figure out if this pantry is a pantry door. thanks!

input: hello, could you please share the dimensions of this beautiful kitchen?
target: lovely kitchen! dimensions? hello, could you please share the dimensions of this beautiful kitchen?
output: dimensions. hello, could you please share the dimensions of this beautiful kitchen? thank you!

input: would you please tell me the name of the granite used in the kitchen as well as the blue tile?
target: granite and tile in kitchen . would you please tell me the name of the granite used in the kitchen as well as the blue tile? thank you.
output: granite. would you please tell me the name of the granite used in the kitchen as well as the blue tile? thank you!

input: what is your source?
target: cabinets? what is your source? they are gorgeous and we are also in minneapolis.
output: cabinets. what is your source? thanks

input: what are the counters and island topped with?
target: countertop materials? what are the counters and island topped with? thanks
output: countertop. what are the counters and island topped with? thank you

input: who was the maker?
target: island . that island is most beautiful and well used. who was the maker?
output: i love the pendant lights! who was the maker? thanks!

input: can you please tell me the name and manufacture r of the pendant lights over the island?
target: island pendants . model and manufacturer? can you please tell me the name and manufacture r of the pendant lights over the island? thank you
output: pendant lights. can you please tell me the name and manufacture r of the pendant lights over the island? thank you!

input: ), but do you have overall space dimensions?
target: kitchen dimension . gorgeous kitchen! do you mind sharing the dimensions? i saw your note about the island (thanks! ), but do you have overall space dimensions? thank you!
output: dimensions. beautiful kitchen! what is the dimension of the space as well? i'm planning on doing something similar. but do you have overall space dimensions? thanks!

input: i've been trying to describe this to my architect and he insists on showing part of a bulkhead between the ceiling and cabinet which i don't like
target: coffered ceiling and cabinet crown juxtaposition . do you have a close up of the transition between the ceiling detail and the cabinet crown? i've been trying to describe this to my architect and he insists on showing part of a bulkhead between the ceiling and cabinet which i don't like
output: what is the grain grain grain between the beams and the cabinets? i've been trying to describe this to my architect and he insists on showing part of a bulkhead between the ceiling and cabinet which i don't like

input: and color of the cabinets?
target: backsplash . what is the back splash? and color of the cabinets?
output: what is the wall color? and color of the cabinets? thank you!

input: who is the manufacturer of these cabinets?
target: who is the manufacturer of these cabinets? nice. thank you.
output: who is the manufacturer of these cabinets? who is the manufacturer of these cabinets? who is the manufacturer of the top and upper cabinets? thanks!

input: where can i found this lights?
target: beautiful chandelier . beautiful chandeliers. where can i found this lights?
output: where can i found this lights? love the pendant lights. where can i found this lights?

input: what kind of windows are these?
target: windows . love this kitchen!!! what kind of windows are these?
output: what kind of windows are these? thanks. i'm trying to see if the cabinets are stained or stained.

input: what brand and material are they?
target: love the black frame windows. what brand and material are they? really great kitchen!
output: what brand and material are they? thanks!

input: what are the countertops and paint in kitchen!
target: what are the countertops and paint in kitchen! countertop? paint?
output: what are the countertops and paint in kitchen! what is the color of the cabinets and backsplash? what is the paint color?

input: it’s very frustrating when designers don’t!
target: thank you for answering questions! i love this kitchen and just wanted to thank you for taking the time to answer questions. it’s very frustrating when designers don’t!
output: thank you. it’s very frustrating when designers don’t! thank you!

input: what color and type countertop and backsplash is used?
target: love the kitchen! what color and type countertop and backsplash is used? and the paint color ? thank you very much
output: what color and type countertop and backsplash is used? i love this kitchen! what color and type countertop and backsplash is used?

input: i like the hardware on the cabinets, i am wondering if you can tell me where you got them.
target: where did you get the hardware for the cabinets? i like the hardware on the cabinets, i am wondering if you can tell me where you got them. thanks
output: cabinets. i like the hardware on the cabinets, i am wondering if you can tell me where you got them. thanks

input: is this tile or wallpaper on the backsplash?
target: backsplash? is this tile or wallpaper on the backsplash? can you tell me where it's from?
output: is this tile or wallpaper on the backsplash? what is the name of this tile? what is the name of it?

input: is this custom?
target: hanging shelf? love the hanging shelf. is this custom?
output: love the cabinet door! is this custom? what is the style?

input: can you please tell me where i can purchase the islands stools and the hanging lights?
target: island stools and lights . can you please tell me where i can purchase the islands stools and the hanging lights? thank you! beautiful kitchen!!
output: stools. can you please tell me where i can purchase the islands stools and the hanging lights? thank you!

input: what is the name of the tile on the back wall andamp.
target: rock wall . what is the name of the tile on the back wall andamp. color please?
output: tile backsplash. what is the name of the tile on the back wall andamp. thanks

input: where did you find the pendant lights above the island?
target: where did you find the pendant lights above the island? we just remodeled our kitchen and the old pendants we thought we would reuse do not work. the ones in your photo work much better.
output: pendant lights. where did you find the pendant lights above the island? thanks!

input: is the finish on the cabinets a semi gloss or high gloss?
target: cabinet finishea . is the finish on the cabinets a semi gloss or high gloss? thanks.
output: cabinets finish. is the finish on the cabinets a semi gloss or high gloss? thanks

input: can you please tell me about the beautiful arched window?
target: lovely design! can you please tell me about the beautiful arched window? brand, color, source, etc? thank you
output: window. can you please tell me about the beautiful arched window? is it a double hung hung hung hung hung hung hung?

input: what wood is the cabinet made of.
target: cabinets . hi this is such a beautiful house. what wood is the cabinet made of. where can i source the cabinets?
output: what wood is the cabinet made of. what wood is the cabinet made of. where can i get it?

input: can i ask what color are the walls in this kitchen?
target: wall paint? i was told that since i went with white cabinets that any white paint will look dingy. you have proved that so wrong! can i ask what color are the walls in this kitchen? i also love the gray grout here. i just may do that.
output: what is the paint color on the cabinets? can i ask what color are the walls in this kitchen? thanks

input: or is there a spec sheet on how to build it.
target: is this unit available purchase? i have a customer wanting a compost/trash combo and they came across your picture and love it. is this available for purchase? or is there a spec sheet on how to build it. great idea! thanks
output: is is there a spec sheet on how to build it. i love this kitchen! i'm planning on doing something like this in my new house. i'm planning on doing something similar.

input: looks like the sidemount guides need to open an additional 6" or more to allow the removal of the waste basket?
target: additional photo? is there another photo showing this opened all the way? is the back basket able to be removed? looks like the sidemount guides need to open an additional 6" or more to allow the removal of the waste basket? thanks!
output: what is the size of the basket? looks like the sidemount guides need to open an additional 6" or more to allow the removal of the waste basket? what size is this pantry?

input: are there any manufactures like rev.a.shelf that have this?
target: where can i find plans for this? we are avid composters and i want a pull out trash drawer that has a compost bin that has storage under it. are there any manufactures like rev.a.shelf that have this? or would it have to be custom built?
output: what manufactures are the shelves? are there any manufactures like rev. a. shelf that have this? i love the look you've done here.

input: is that the oven immediately to the left of the fridge?
target: is that the oven immediately to the left of the fridge? thinking about redesigning our kitchen in the future, andamp. considering having a double oven almost right next to the fridge. i think i've read there are ways to do that now without it being inefficient. we don't want the cold.generating fridge and the heat.generating oven "fighting" each other. is this doable?
output: is that the oven immediately to the left of the fridge? what is the name of this kitchen? what is the name of it?

input: curious as to the ceiling height?
target: ceiling height? again, kuddos on this amazing kitchen, i think it is one of the best on houzz and i cannot stop looking at it. curious as to the ceiling height? thank you again for being so forthcoming with answers to all of our questions.
output: curious as to the ceiling height? thank you!

input: any idea to share would appreciate?
target: what is the wall color? i have to remodel my kitchen cabinets due to water damage. opted for white cabinets but struggling on wall color and backsplash. any idea to share would appreciate?
output: any idea to share would appreciate? thanks

input: can you please tell me the color of the cabinets?
target: beautiful cabinets . can you please tell me the color of the cabinets? this kitchen is stunning!
output: cabinet color. can you please tell me the color of the cabinets? thank you!

input: where are these from?
target: island lighting . beautiful pendants! where are these from?
output: chandeliers. where are these from? chandeliers?

input: have the home owners had any issues with the countertops considering the largeness of them?
target: have the home owners had any problems with the countertops? considering a large island using cambria torquay. i have read some reviews about cracking do to lack of support. have the home owners had any issues with the countertops considering the largeness of them? thank you!
output: have the home owners had any issues with the countertops considering the largeness of them? i have a client that wants this kitchen and i haven't picked a one. i have a client that wants this one and i haven't been able to find it in my own kitchen. i have a client that wants to do the same with the countertops. thank you!

input: what color and type of cabinets are they?
target: what color is your cabinets . what color and type of cabinets are they? they are lovely.
output: what color and type of cabinets are they? i love this kitchen! what color and type of cabinets are they?

input: what type of cabinets are these?
target: cabinets . what type of cabinets are these? brand? color?
output: what type of cabinets are these? what is the stain color? what is the stain color?

input: what is the make/model of the ss exhaust ?
target: nice! what is the make/model of the ss exhaust ? thanks!
output: nice! what is the make/model of the ss exhaust? thanks!

input: love this kitchen, how did you handle the backsplash around the window .
target: love this kitchen, how did you handle the backsplash around the window . does it continue into the window well? or did you use an edge of some type?
output: love this kitchen, how did you handle the backsplash around the window. it's beautiful!

input: can you tell me about the backsplash and how i could find it?
target: backsplash . can you tell me about the backsplash and how i could find it? thanks!
output: backsplash. can you tell me about the backsplash and how i could find it? thanks!

input: can you please share the countertop details ?
target: countertop . gorgeous kitchen !! can you please share the countertop details ?
output: countertop. can you please share the countertop details? thank you.

input: what color is the paint on the cabinet above the sink?
target: paint of upper cabinet . i viewed hundreds of photos on houzz and this is my favorite! what color is the paint on the cabinet above the sink? what's the color name for the white color? thanks!
output: paint color. what color is the paint on the cabinet above the sink? thanks

input: what brand is the stove vent?
target: stove vent . what brand is the stove vent? the kitchen is beautiful.
output: stove vent. what brand is the stove vent? thank you.

input: can u tell me what the drawer pulls are .
target: this is a spectacular kitchen! can u tell me what the drawer pulls are . bravo on such an amazing transformation. i love everything about this kitchen
output: drawer pulls. can u tell me what the drawer pulls are. thanks

input: model and trim kit?
target: microwave . microwave brand andamp. model and trim kit? thanks
output: what is the kitchen trim kit? i'm planning on doing a similar look in my kitchen and i'm worried it will not be able to find a trim. what is the approximate cost? what is the cost of the trim trim?

input: did you paint the track and heads to match the beams?
target: what kind of track lighting is that? did you paint the track and heads to match the beams? looking for lighting solutions for my house and we have very similar ceilings.
output: what kind of track track lights? did you paint the track and heads to match the beams? thanks!

input: where can i get ut,what is it called?i'm remodeling my mcm kitchen and i want black slate floors but i already bought a quartz as countertop.
target: backsplash . the marble backsplash in bathroom,is it walker zanger? where can i get ut,what is it called?i'm remodeling my mcm kitchen and i want black slate floors but i already bought a quartz as countertop. frosty carrina. but can i have a marble backsplash if i only have quartz counter with waterfall. from my keeping room. only opened space so far.
output: backsplash. where can i get ut, what is it called? i'm remodeling my mcm kitchen and i want black slate floors but i already bought a quartz as countertop. thank you!

input: can i tell me the colour and make of flooring?
target: flooring . can i tell me the colour and make of flooring? is it slightly grey?? also the pendant light. where are those from. so beautiful
output: flooring. can i tell me the colour and make of flooring? is it wood?

input: could you share the dimensions of the island please?
target: island measurements? could you share the dimensions of the island please? thanks!
output: dimensions. beautiful kitchen! could you share the dimensions of the island please?

input: it’s hard to tell what the different sizes will look like when looking at a small sample.
target: backsplash size . do you know the dimensions of the custom backsplash? i love the chevron look but the small tiles seem really small (1x4) and the large tiles (2x9) are huge. we are going to have them custom made as well but need to narrow down the right size. it’s hard to tell what the different sizes will look like when looking at a small sample. absolutely love yours! thanks.
output: what size is the sample size? it’s hard to tell what the different sizes will look like when looking at a small sample.

input: would you mind telling me where that gold trim is from for the backsplash that frames out that tile under the hood?
target: gold trim under the hood! love this kitchen! would you mind telling me where that gold trim is from for the backsplash that frames out that tile under the hood?
output: gold trim. would you mind telling me where that gold trim is from for the backsplash that frames out that tile under the hood? i'm wondering if the color would work in this picture. thanks!

input: what's the name/color/manufacturer of the backsplash?
target: backsplash . great kitchen. what's the name/color/manufacturer of the backsplash?
output: backsplash. what's the name/color/manufacturer of the backsplash? thanks!

input: what is the dimension of the island?
target: island dimension . what is the dimension of the island? thanks in advance.
output: island dimension. what is the dimension of the island? thank you!

input: where is the kitchen hood vent from?
target: hood! where is the kitchen hood vent from? where is the kitchen hood from?
output: where is the kitchen hood vent from? i love this kitchen! i'm in love with this design!

input: color?
target: please green cabinet name brand and color and name brand of cabinet . please will you share the cabinet (greenish) name brand andamp. color? thank you
output: cabinet color. color? thanks

input: what stain is on the floors and would you mind sharing any details about the brick backsplash??
target: so glad this is posted here!! i saved this kitchen several times but haven't been able to find it on houzz!! what stain is on the floors and would you mind sharing any details about the brick backsplash?? love this kitchen so so so so much!
output: what stain is on the floors and would you mind sharing any details about the brick backsplash? ? thanks!

input: what is the name of the countertops?
target: name of countertops . what is the name of the countertops? are they quartz?
output: what is the name of the countertops? thank you! what is the name of the countertops? thank you!

input: was curious how you got the floating shelves to stay in the brick?
target: shelves on brick . was curious how you got the floating shelves to stay in the brick? are they drilled in?
output: shelves. was curious how you got the floating shelves to stay in the brick? thank you!

input: also, what color is the paint?
target: sink . please explain more about the window above the sink. also, what color is the paint?
output: cabinet paint color. also, what color is the paint? thank you!

input: thank you for length dimension of the island, but what is width also?
target: width of island dimension? thank you for length dimension of the island, but what is width also? please also the walkway on either side of island. overall kitchen dimensions? thanks!
output: width of island. thank you for length dimension of the island, but what is width also? thank you.

input: hi there, can you please tell me where the lantern lights are from?
target: light fixtures . hi there, can you please tell me where the lantern lights are from? thank you for your time.
output: light fixtures. hi there, can you please tell me where the lantern lights are from? thank you.

input: what is it?
target: countertops . i love the countertop on the perimeter. what is it?
output: love the flooring! what is it? what is it?

input: looks like glass but beveled or warped somehow.
target: pretty! the backsplash. looks like glass but beveled or warped somehow. what can you tell me about it? thanks! it's visually interesting.
output: what is the material? looks like glass but beveled or warped somehow. what is the color?

input: can you tell me the dimensions of the island and how far it is from the sink counter?
target: size of the island . beautiful kitchen! can you tell me the dimensions of the island and how far it is from the sink counter? thanks.
output: island dimensions. can you tell me the dimensions of the island and how far it is from the sink counter? thanks!

input: where did you get it?
target: love the pot rack! love the pot rack? where did you get it?
output: love the chair. where did you get it? it's beautiful!

input: dimensions of kitchen/dining area?
target: dimensions of kitchen/dining area? just wondering the dimensions of this area and possibly the dimensions of the island. it looks like a very good use of space and open concept makes it seem spacious. love the entire space this became the main concept for my potential housing build.
output: dimensions of kitchen/dining area? what is the dimensions of this room? thanks.

input: is slate or tile above stove?
target: is slate or tile above stove? name and maker? love colors and matte finish
output: is slate or tile above stove? what is the name of this kitchen? is slate or tile above stove?

input: mr. anderson, can you tell me if this sort of grid pattern with stone/tile and wood is hard to execute?
target: beautiful! mr. anderson, can you tell me if this sort of grid pattern with stone/tile and wood is hard to execute? i have been told that it is difficult because of the expansion/contraction of the wood with the mortar joints. thanks.
output: what is the flooring? mr. anderson, can you tell me if this sort of grid pattern with stone/tile and wood is hard to execute? thank you!

input: can you tell me about the chairs?
target: can you tell me about the chairs? brand . where to find?
output: chairs. can you tell me about the chairs? they are beautiful!

input: i see your comment not remembering the colour, however i am wondering if you achieved this with a special paint or a stain?
target: is the cabinet finished with stain or paint? i see your comment not remembering the colour, however i am wondering if you achieved this with a special paint or a stain? thank you for your time. i love this wood reveal with color.
output: what colour is the wall colour? i see your comment not remembering the colour, however i am wondering if you achieved this with a special paint or a stain? thank you.

input: what finish and color is on the cabinets?
target: this kitchen is amazing. what finish and color is on the cabinets? i'd like to know more about the cabinet color. any details would be great.
output: what finish and color is on the cabinets? i love this kitchen! what finish and color is on the cabinets?

input: who makes the hood range?
target: who makes the hood range? what is the material? copper?
output: hood. who makes the hood range? who makes the hood range? it looks like there's a door that hinges on it.

input: what is the color, make and style?
target: cabinets . beautiful cabinets. what is the color, make and style? thank you.
output: what is the color, make and style? i love the cabinets! what is the color, make and style?

input: also wondering how wide the window is?
target: beautiful kitchen! how wide is the island? also wondering how wide the window is?
output: width of window. also wondering how wide the window is? thanks

input: what are the dimensions of the aisle widths?
target: what are the dimensions of the aisle widths? thank you . just lovely!
output: dimensions of the aisle widths? what are the dimensions of the aisle widths? thanks

input: curious how the finish has held up in the kitchen and if you felt it required alot of maintenance or not?
target: durability and maintenance of flooring . i am interested in putting this flooring in the majority of our new construction home. curious how the finish has held up in the kitchen and if you felt it required alot of maintenance or not? thank you!
output: how did you seal the seal on the cabinets? curious how the finish has held up in the kitchen and if you felt it required alot of maintenance or not? thank you!

input: what's in the door in the corner next to the microwave?
target: hidden door . beautiful design. what's in the door in the corner next to the microwave? additional cabinet space?
output: what's in the door in the corner next to the microwave? is it a door that pulls it out? is it a door?

input: what are the dimensions of the kitchen?
target: kitchen dimensions . what are the dimensions of the kitchen? and, the banquette area? thanks!
output: what are the dimensions of the kitchen? i love this layout. what are the dimensions of the kitchen?

input: do you think they put out enough good amount for light if i don't have my recessed lights on?
target: love your kitchen! i'm considering purchasing 2 of the small victorian pendents from restoration hardware. do you think they put out enough good amount for light if i don't have my recessed lights on?
output: lights. do you think they put out enough good amount for light if i don't have my recessed lights on? i'm going to have a similar ceiling and i want to do the same style for my kitchen. thanks!

input: would you please tell me the ceiling height of the kitchen ?
target: ceiling height? would you please tell me the ceiling height of the kitchen ? thank you!
output: ceiling. would you please tell me the ceiling height of the kitchen? thanks!

input: what is the paint color and are the walls and trim the same?
target: love the color on the cabinets. what is the paint color and are the walls and trim the same? thanks
output: paint color. what is the paint color and are the walls and trim the same? thanks!

input: love then color of cabinets, looks great.what color did you use for the cabinets?
target: lovely kitchen. love then color of cabinets, looks great.what color did you use for the cabinets? thank you for sharing.
output: love then color of cabinets, looks great. what color did you use for the cabinets? i have a similar cabinet and want to do this in my kitchen. i have a similar cabinet and i want to do it in my kitchen. thank you.

input: this is a terrifc kitchen.are the cabinets custom?
target: this is a terrifc kitchen.are the cabinets custom? if not, who are they by? thanks for your help!
output: this is a terrifc kitchen. are the cabinets custom? thank you!

input: i am thnking of a similar configuration and was wondering what yours is.
target: microwave area . what is size of microwave and the cabinet to left (width and depth?). i am thnking of a similar configuration and was wondering what yours is. pros and cons in use? what is the left (pull.out?) cabinet used for?
output: what is the depth of the bottom and bottom of the bottom. i am thnking of a similar configuration and was wondering what yours is. thank you.

input: what is the island constructed of and the stain of choice?
target: what is the island constructed of and the stain of choice? love the contrast against the light cabinets. thanks!
output: what is the island constructed of and the stain of choice? love it! thank you!

input: could you give me a manufacturer's name?
target: i love the counter stools? could you give me a manufacturer's name? thank you!
output: i love the pendant lights. could you give me a manufacturer's name? thank you!

input: are the wall and trim colors the same as the cabinets ie hazy skies?
target: are the wall and trim colors the same as the cabinets ie hazy skies? if not, what colors are they? also, could you share your backsplash tile choice? thank you . the kitchen is gorgeous!
output: are the wall and trim colors the same as the cabinets ie hazy skies? i'm in the middle of a new year's s! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

input: if not, is this kitchen dark?
target: beautiful kitchen! i don't see any lighting other than the gorgeous pendant. is there other lighting? if not, is this kitchen dark? thank you!
output: is the stove a gas. if not, is this kitchen dark? thank you!

input: can you share with us the dimensions of this room?
target: dimensions of room? can you share with us the dimensions of this room? (not including the eating nook area. its lovely . thanks.
output: dimensions of room? can you share with us the dimensions of this room? thanks!

input: who is the maker and what is the color.
target: what a beautiful kitchen. would you mind sharing the floors? who is the maker and what is the color. thanks . love this kitchen!
output: what is the cabinet color. who is the maker and what is the color. thanks

input: i realize someone asked this already but i don't see an answer.do you know the wood species and the stain that was used on the island?
target: beautiful cabinets! i realize someone asked this already but i don't see an answer.do you know the wood species and the stain that was used on the island? i really like it a lot! thanks!
output: what wood species and stain? i realize someone asked this already but i don't see an answer. do you know the wood species and the stain that was used on the island? thanks.

input: beautiful do you know the supplier and what they are called— where incan purchase??
target: light fixture is beautiful . beautiful do you know the supplier and what they are called— where incan purchase?? just a beautiful room!
output: what is the name of this kitchen? beautiful do you know the supplier and what they are called—where incan purchase? ? thank you!

input: great barn door hardware, do you recall the source?
target: great barn door hardware, do you recall the source? thank you . great barn door hardware, do you recall the source? thank you
output: great barn door hardware, do you recall the source? thank you!

input: where and how would you storage them?
target: where would you put spices? my spices are all over the kitchen and the pantry. where and how would you storage them?
output: where and how would you storage them? love the baskets! love the baskets! where and how would you storage them?

input: is there a difference in storing pasta, nuts, flour etc.
target: storage containers . is there a difference in storing pasta, nuts, flour etc. in glass or plastic containers? does one keep things fresher?
output: storage containers. is there a difference in storing pasta, nuts, flour etc. is there a difference in storing pasta, nuts, flour etc. is is there a difference in storing containers. is is it possible to get a pantry with enough storage space. thanks

input: what will those drawers be used to store?
target: drawers . interesting idea to have drawers in a pantry. what will those drawers be used to store?
output: drawers. what will those drawers be used to store? what is the dimension?

input: how deep are these shelves?
target: depth . how deep are these shelves? thanks.
output: how deep are these shelves? i have a question that asked the bottom and what is the depth? thanks!

input: but where can i find the cereal containers?
target: i know where to find the bottled water . and it's delicious! but where can i find the cereal containers? thanks!
output: where can i find the cereal containers? i love this pantry. but where can i find the cereal containers?

input: is easy to see the spices at a glance .
target: where can i find those spice 'steps' ? i love those 'steps' . is easy to see the spices at a glance . i like your way of organizing them in alphabetical order as well! very 'neat' indeed.)
output: is easy to see the spices at a glance. i love the spices. is easy to see the spices at a glance. i have a similar look.

input: do you know if there has been a slight change?
target: london sky quartz . i’m wondering if anyone else has noticed a difference in original “london sky” by zodiac and the current product since corian bought the zodiac company. i ordered the exact subway tiles and a 12x12 sample of the corian “london sky”. it’s seems too grayish cream to me. do you know if there has been a slight change?
output: light fixture. i am planning on hanging lanterns on a light over a range. i'm planning on hanging lanterns in a range. i'm guessing the light fixtures will be the same size. do you know if there has been a slight change?

input: what kinds of countertops are these.materials etc
target: cabinet manufacturers . what cabinet manufacturers did you use? is there a brand you can share? what kinds of countertops are these.materials etc
output: what kinds of countertops are these. materials etc how did you get them? thanks!

input: i was wondering where you found the leather to recover the stools.
target: barstools upholstery . i was wondering where you found the leather to recover the stools. can you share your source for the leather and upholstery ?
output: stools. i was wondering where you found the leather to recover the stools. thanks

input: i'm looking for a 32.33" farm sink and am wondering which you used and why.
target: which farm sink did you use? love, love, love this kitchen! beautiful job and thank you for taking the time to answer the questions! so helpful. i'm looking for a 32.33" farm sink and am wondering which you used and why. thanks so much!
output: what is the depth of the shallower and shallower. i'm looking for a 32.33" farm sink and am wondering which you used and why. thanks

input: can you please tell me where to order the chandeliers?
target: love the chandeliers!! where to purchase them? hello! this kitchen is brilliant!! can you please tell me where to order the chandeliers? thank you!!
output: chandeliers. can you please tell me where to order the chandeliers? thank you.

input: in a smaller size kitchen with 10' ceilings, what should be the focal point?
target: beautiful and timeless! you have a great sense of design! what type of edge was used on the countertops? why did you use quartzite on perimeter and quartz on island? are both surfaces polished? is back splash honed or polished? in a smaller size kitchen with 10' ceilings, what should be the focal point? thank you for all the time you spend answering our questions:)
output: ceiling. what is the height of the ceiling? in a smaller size kitchen with 10' ceilings, what should be the focal point? thank you!

input: what is the size of the island?
target: what is the size of the island? beautiful kitchen! love the two heights of the counter/island!
output: what is the size of the island? i love this! thank you!

input: can you tell me the brand of pendant light over the island .
target: can you tell me the brand of pendant light over the island . very interested in the large scale cage design with mixed metals. thank you
output: can you tell me the brand of pendant light over the island. thank you. i have a similar range and am trying to figure out if this can work with my new kitchen.

input: hello, can you please tell me what the distance is between the cabinets and the countertops .
target: great looking kitchen! hello, can you please tell me what the distance is between the cabinets and the countertops . and also how high off from the stove is the vent hood. thank you very much.
output: distance between cabinets and countertops. hello, can you please tell me what the distance is between the cabinets and the countertops. thank you

input: wondering where you got those beautiful lights over your island from.
target: what kind of hardwood floor is that? color? it’s beautiful! wondering where you got those beautiful lights over your island from. where they from wayfair also? great job!
output: lights. wondering where you got those beautiful lights over your island from. thank you

input: what brand and color is it?
target: hi, i love the hardwood floor. what brand and color is it? thanks
output: love the flooring! what brand and color is it? thank you!

input: what is the ceiling height in this house?
target: love this! ceiling question. what is the ceiling height in this house?
output: ceiling. what is the ceiling height in this house? thanks!

input: what color is the island cabinet .
target: i love everything about this kitchen. what color is the island cabinet . i love everything about this kitchen. what color is the island cabinet?
output: what color is the island cabinet. i love this kitchen! what color is the island cabinet.

input: where did you get that refrigerator?
target: refrigerator . where did you get that refrigerator? approx cost?
output: refrigerator. where did you get that refrigerator? thanks

input: can you tell me the color of the paint used in this kitchen?
target: our new kitchen . can you tell me the color of the paint used in this kitchen? what kind of paint?
output: paint color. can you tell me the color of the paint used in this kitchen? thank you

input: what is the colour of the island .
target: what is the colour of the island . i know in other responses you said it is dovetail but i have a swatch of dovetail in front of me and it looks much lighter on your cabinet. just wondering why?
output: what is the colour of the island. i love the colour scheme. what is the colour of the island. thank you

input: where can these be purchased from?
target: barstools? where can these be purchased from? thank you!
output: stools. where can these be purchased from? thank you.

input: what is he color of the cabinets and the name of the granite?
target: what is he color of the cabinets and the name of the granite? i really would like to know the cabinet color. i have almost identical cabinets in a khaki/green and want gray. please help!! it's a beautiful kitchen.just my style. thanks, sue ruhle
output: what is he color of the cabinets and the name of the granite? i love this kitchen! what is he color of the cabinets and the name of the granite?

input: can you tell me who make the hanging light.
target: light . can you tell me who make the hanging light. thank you !
output: light. can you tell me who make the hanging light. thank you.

input: what is the spacing between the island and the back wall of solid cabinets, and between island and sink counter?
target: isle width . what is the spacing between the island and the back wall of solid cabinets, and between island and sink counter? thanks!
output: what is the spacing between the island and the back wall of solid cabinets, and between island and sink counter? i love this! what is the spacing between between the island and the back wall of solid cabinets, and between island and sink counter? thanks!

input: i was wondering if you remember if the dw on the cabinets ended up looking warmer/creamy or cooler/grey?
target: cabinet colour . hello! love this kitchen. i was wondering if you remember if the dw on the cabinets ended up looking warmer/creamy or cooler/grey? i currently painted my cabinets chantilly lace and it’s too sterile for me. i’ve now purchased dw, and hoping it will be darker than cl but not creamy (countertops are white with grey veins). thanks so much
output: cabinetry. this is a beautiful kitchen! i was wondering if you remember if the dw on the cabinets ended up looking warmer/creamy or cooler/grey? thanks!

input: what colour are the cabinets?
target: colour . what colour are the cabinets? thanks!
output: what colour are the cabinets? i'm trying to decide if which colour to go with with with the white cabinets or the grey. thanks

input: we would all like to know which white?
target: cabinet and trim colour . we know the cabinets and trim are “white”. we would all like to know which white? there’s a million of them.
output: what is the wall colour? we would all like to know which white? thank you!

input: love the fabric on the window treatment, any idea what it is?
target: window treatment fabric . love the fabric on the window treatment, any idea what it is? thanks!
output: window treatment fabric. love the fabric on the window treatment, any idea what it is? thanks!

input: what paint color are the cabinets and what off white pruner color are the walls?
target: colors . i love the colors! what paint color are the cabinets and what off white pruner color are the walls?
output: cabinets. what paint color are the cabinets and what off white pruner color are the walls? thanks

input: do you know the colour used for the cabinets and trim?
target: cabinet colour . what a beautiful kitchen! do you know the colour used for the cabinets and trim? thank you!
output: cabinet colour. do you know the colour used for the cabinets and trim? thank you!

input: where did these come from?
target: bar stools? where did these come from? they are beautiful.
output: chandeliers. where did these come from? what style?

input: can you please tell me the brand/color of paint for the yellow walls in the forefront of this picture?
target: yellow walls . beautiful kitchen! can you please tell me the brand/color of paint for the yellow walls in the forefront of this picture?
output: yellow walls. can you please tell me the brand/color of paint for the yellow walls in the forefront of this picture? thank you.

input: are the frames silver and where can i find them?
target: framed photos . love the photo gallery on the back wall! are the frames silver and where can i find them?
output: are the frames silver and where can i find them? thanks. are the frames silver and where can i find them?

input: what is the color of the ceilings?
target: what is the color of the ceilings? love it!! thank you!
output: what is the color of the ceilings? beautiful!

input: is that a delta faucet?
target: beautifully detailed kitchen . the overall look here is very pretty. is that a delta faucet?
output: is that a delta faucet? what is the name of the kitchen? thanks!

input: where is the rug in front of the sink from??
target: where is the rug in front of the sink from?? i love it! where is the rug in front of the sink from?? i love it!
output: where is the rug in front of the sink from? ? where is the rug in front of the sink from? ? thanks

input: could you tell me the manufacture and style name.
target: the chairs. could you tell me the manufacture and style name. thanks . do they come in table height?
output: i love the pendant lights. could you tell me the manufacture and style name. thank you

input: if is laminete what brand and color?
target: hello!! what type of floor ? is it laminate or wood? if is laminete what brand and color?
output: what is the wall color? if is laminete what brand and color? thanks

input: can you please share the island dimensions, especially the width of the eating area?
target: island dimensions . can you please share the island dimensions, especially the width of the eating area? thank you.
output: island dimensions. can you please share the island dimensions, especially the width of the eating area? thank you!

input: i'd really like to know what kind of marble the backsplash is.
target: phenomenal backsplash! love everything you've done here. i'd really like to know what kind of marble the backsplash is. gorgeous work!
output: backsplash. i'd really like to know what kind of marble the backsplash is. thanks

input: what kind of countertop is on the island?
target: countertop island . what kind of countertop is on the island? is it 2 inches thickness?
output: what kind of countertop is on the island? is it marble or quartz? what color is it?

input: what is the name/brand of the blue color in both the kitchen and pantry/broom closet?
target: color in pantry/ kitchen . what is the name/brand of the blue color in both the kitchen and pantry/broom closet? laurie, kansas
output: what is the name/brand of the blue color in both the kitchen and pantry/broom closet? i love this kitchen! what is the name/brand of the blue color in both the kitchen and pantry/broom closet?

input: what are the overall dimensions of the pantry?
target: pantry closet . what is behind the door? broom closet? shelves? how deep is it? what are the overall dimensions of the pantry?
output: what are the overall dimensions of the pantry? i love this pantry! what are the overall dimensions of the pantry? thank you!

input: i am having this island replicated for my kitchen and i was curious as to what color this one is.
target: can you tell me if this island is painted or stained? i am having this island replicated for my kitchen and i was curious as to what color this one is. thank you.
output: what is the color on the island? i am having this island replicated for my kitchen and i was curious as to what color this one is. thank you!

input: do you know the make, and/or dimensions?
target: upper cabinet microwave? do you know the make, and/or dimensions? i am looking to install a microwave either built.in, or on a shelf in the upper cabinets in my kitchen. i can have the cabinet customized if necessary to the appropriate depth, but it can't stick out very far as it will cut down on isle space.so i am looking for 12.14 in depth. wondering if this one would fit the bill.
output: love the pendants! do you know the make, and/or dimensions? thank you!

input: is the center island tabled fixed to the floor or does the weight of the stone/table keep it in place?
target: center island? is the center island tabled fixed to the floor or does the weight of the stone/table keep it in place? if fixed, what method was used? thanks!
output: center island. is the center island tabled fixed to the floor or does the weight of the stone/table keep it in place? what is the dimension?

input: what is the edge detail of the marble on you island and the perimeter cabinets?
target: what is the edge detail of the marble on you island and the perimeter cabinets? love the look . having a hard time on selling my husband on an ogee edge. he likes "the cove". i know there are many variations of the ogee. maybe i can sell him with your kitchen. beautiful!
output: what is the edge detail of the marble on you island and the perimeter cabinets? i'm planning on a similar look and i'm worried it will make it it easier to walk on foot. what is the edge detail of the marble on you island and the perimeter cabinets? thanks!

input: where did you get it???
target: this island ❤ . i'm in love with this island. where did you get it??? this will be perfect in my kitchen
output: love the chair. where did you get it? ? ? thanks

input: just wondering size and if it would fit in our space??
target: love the space! do you know dimensions of the 2 rooms? my l.shaped kitchen is 11.5 * 11.3 with a half wall and walkway leading into the dining room, same as this picture but the half wall (6.5 long) is on the other side of the room, the right of this picture and there is a bearing wall on the right. we (hubby and i) are debating/arguing between an island or peninsula but this has both. just wondering size and if it would fit in our space?? thanks!!!
output: what size is the space? just wondering size and if it would fit in our space? ? thank you!

input: if so, what would be he color and product that would look the most like carrera marble.
target: i am being discougaged by most people in the counter top field of using carrera. marble. they say to porous a . i see marble being used a lot and i have been discouraged i keep hearing of moisture and acidic acid , red wine and so on staning it. i lov he look , should i be dissuaded on practicality? if so, what would be he color and product that would look the most like carrera marble. i appreciate your help.
output: what is the color of the cabinets? is it marble? is it honed? is the floor wood or was used? if so, what would be he color and product that would look the most like carrera marble.

input: what is the stain color and finish on these pine floors?
target: floor finish . what is the stain color and finish on these pine floors? the floor is exactly what i'm looking for!
output: what is the stain color and finish on these pine floors? i love the wood floors. what is the stain color and finish on these pine floors?

input: is the microwave built in to a standard depth wall cabinet?
target: is the microwave built in to a standard depth wall cabinet? if so, what's the micro make and model? is the microwave built in to a standard depth wall cabinet? if so, what's the micro make andamp. model?
output: is the microwave built in to a standard depth wall cabinet? what is the depth of the microwave. what is the depth of the cabinets? is the microwave built in to a standard depth wall cabinet?

input: what are dimensions of this kitchen?
target: what are dimensions of this kitchen? i love this layout and design! i hope i can do this in our kitchen!
output: what are dimensions of this kitchen? i'm planning on doing a similar layout in my new house. i'm planning on doing something similar in my new home.

input: can you tell me what are the measurements of the beautiful island?
target: can you tell me what are the measurements of the beautiful island? width. length and heigth. thank you.
output: can you tell me what are the measurements of the beautiful island? thank you. can you tell me what are the measurements of the beautiful island? thank you.

input: do you have photos of the refrigerator area?
target: this looks similar to layout of my kitchen.only much more beautiful! do you have photos of the refrigerator area? would love to see how that area looks too. thank you! stephanie
output: do you have photos of the refrigerator area? what is the area and what size is the refrigerator? i love this kitchen!

input: if so, what is it please and who makes it?
target: beautiful flooring! is it new? if so, what is it please and who makes it? thank you!
output: love the island! is it a refrigerator? if so, what is it please and who makes it? thank you!

input: is that just a wood panel on the front?
target: is that a farmhouse sink? is that just a wood panel on the front? thanks.
output: is that just a wood panel on the front? what is the name of? what is the name of this kitchen?

input: could you share the colors ?
target: beautiful color on wall and ceiling. could you share the colors ? thank you nancy
output: what is the wall color? could you share the colors? thank you.

input: are these custom curved island posts or can i purchase them unfinished?
target: island posts? are these custom curved island posts or can i purchase them unfinished? jrinteriorscid@yahoo.com
output: are these custom curved island posts or can i purchase them unfinished? what is the name of this island? i love this!

input: where can i, purchase the cabinets .
target: cabinets . i love the cabinets color and hardware. where can i, purchase the cabinets .
output: where can i purchase the cabinets. i love this kitchen! i want to buy cabinets like this. where can i, purchase the cabinets. thank you!

input: what is the ceiling color?
target: what is the ceiling color? beautiful kitchen! what is the ceiling color?
output: what is the ceiling color? beautiful! what is the ceiling color?

input: what is the countertop material on the island?
target: what is the countertop material on the island? thanks . what is the countertop material on the island? thanks
output: what is the countertop material on the island? is it granite or quartz? thanks

input: what is the countertop material on the island?
target: what is the countertop material on the island? thanks . what is the countertop material on the island? thanks
output: what is the countertop material on the island? is it granite or quartz? thanks

input: can you tell me where the lights are from?
target: lights . hello! can you tell me where the lights are from?
output: light. can you tell me where the lights are from? thank you!

input: what type of wood is the island made out of?
target: what type of wood is the island made out of? what is the stain color. looks hat with the grey cabinets.
output: what type of wood is the island made out of? what is the stain color? thanks

input: want kind of floor is this?
target: kitchen . want kind of floor is this? thank you
output: want kind of floor is this? what is the stain? thanks!

input: would you be able to share the cabinetry brand and/or provide a close up detail of the inside edge of the cabinet door?
target: what is the cabinetry brand? beautiful cabinetry! would you be able to share the cabinetry brand and/or provide a close up detail of the inside edge of the cabinet door? thank you!
output: what is the cabinetry brand? would you be able to share the cabinetry brand and/or provide a close up detail of the inside edge of the cabinet door? thank you.

input: where did you get the chandeliers?
target: chandeliers . where did you get the chandeliers? they really impart glamour into the space.
output: chandeliers. where did you get the chandeliers? they're perfect!

input: where did to get the glass knobs from .
target: knobs . where did to get the glass knobs from . pretty kitchen!
output: where did to get the glass knobs from. i love this kitchen! i'm trying to do something similar. thanks!

input: can you tell me the color of the cabinets, and the ceiling color!
target: cabinet and ceiling color . can you tell me the color of the cabinets, and the ceiling color! thanks sherolene
output: what is the wall color? can you tell me the color of the cabinets, and the ceiling color! thank you!

input: would you be so kind as to tell me what type of finish is on the wall cabinets and the color, please.
target: cabinet finish and color . would you be so kind as to tell me what type of finish is on the wall cabinets and the color, please. thanks so much for your help
output: what type of finish is on the wall cabinets and the color, please. i am planning on doing this in my new home. would you be so kind as to tell me what type of finish is on the wall cabinets and the color, please. thanks

input: what is this floor material?
target: what is this floor material? also name of it. thank you.
output: what is this floor material? is it wood or l. what is this floor material? thanks

input: can you tell me what it is?
target: cabinets, i love the color! can you tell me what it is? thank you.
output: love the flooring. can you tell me what it is? thanks.

input: can you share the tile?
target: backsplash tile . i love the backsplash . can you share the tile?
output: tile. can you share the tile? thank you.

input: hello, can you kindly tell me the make/model of countertops you used for both the island and perimeter (grey) counters?
target: beautiful countertops! hello, can you kindly tell me the make/model of countertops you used for both the island and perimeter (grey) counters? much thanks!
output: island make/model? hello, can you kindly tell me the make/model of countertops you used for both the island and perimeter(grey) counters? thanks!

input: could you please advise flooring type and manufacturer?
target: could you please advise flooring type and manufacturer? just love everything especially color in this kitchen and will de doing mine the same. thank you in advance for your reply
output: could you please advise flooring type and manufacturer? thank you. it is beautiful!

input: can you please tell us more about it?
target: wallpaper . the wallpaper is gorgeous. can you please tell us more about it? i'd love to know the name andamp. manufacturer. thank you. it's perfect for this kitchen.
output: can you please tell us more about it? i love the pendants and the blue. can you please tell us more about it? thank you.

input: what inspired this design?
target: inspiration . this is such a great storage space! what inspired this design?
output: inspiration. what inspired this design? love the pendants over the island.

input: do these drawers come as a system that you order?
target: drawers . do these drawers come as a system that you order? if so could you tell me the brand by chance?
output: drawers. do these drawers come as a system that you order? i love this kitchen!

input: how the garbage disposal was installed considering the drawers are in the way!
target: garbage disposal . where is the garbage disposal under the sink? how the garbage disposal was installed considering the drawers are in the way! thank you in advance!
output: garbage disposal. how the garbage disposal was installed considering the drawers are in the way! thank you!

input: where is it from?
target: love the backsplash . love the texture of the backsplash. where is it from?
output: i love the flooring! where is it from? what is it?

input: are you able to tell me the exact dimensions of the hood l x w x d and what is the ceiling height.
target: cooktop hood . beautiful design! are you able to tell me the exact dimensions of the hood l x w x d and what is the ceiling height. i've seen similar hoods but some look too tall. this is perfect.
output: what is the ceiling height? are you able to tell me the exact dimensions of the hood l x w x d and what is the ceiling height. thanks

input: what finish did you use for the benjamin moore capital white?
target: what finish did you use for the benjamin moore capital white? hello! i love this look. what finish did you use for the benjamin moore capital white? matte, eggshell, or semi.gloss?
output: benjamin moore capital white. what finish did you use for the benjamin moore capital white? thank you.

input: how do you keep the grout behind the stove white .
target: how do you keep the grout behind the stove white . how do you keep the grout behind the stove white. i am not messy, but.grease or splashes?
output: how do you keep the grout behind the stove white. how do you keep the grout behind the stove white. how does it hold up well in the dark? is it a solid solid solid or solid? what is the color?

input: can you please tell me where i can purchase the range hood?
target: beautiful range hood . can you please tell me where i can purchase the range hood? or, the materials used to build the range hood?
output: range hood. can you please tell me where i can purchase the range hood? thank you.

input: how much space between island and the range, sink and fridge?
target: dimensions and island distances . so 171" to the sliding door? how much space between island and the range, sink and fridge? its very beautiful!
output: dimensions of island. how much space between island and the range, sink and fridge? thank you!

input: who makes these cabinets?
target: who makes these cabinets? great choice on inset! thanks
output: who makes these cabinets? what is the stain? thanks

input: would you please share the backsplash make and model?
target: beautiful selections! would you please share the backsplash make and model? i love the waves and size of those tiles. kudos and thanks!
output: backsplash. would you please share the backsplash make and model? thanks!

input: can you tell new who made the range hood.
target: range hood maker . can you tell new who made the range hood. i am involved a kitchen reno and would love to use this. it is stunning!
output: range hood. can you tell new who made the range hood. is it custom made? thank you

input: can you tell me what is behind the range wall?
target: really like your design, semi open kitchen . can you tell me what is behind the range wall? a mud room?
output: what is behind the range wall? i am planning on on doing something similar in my new home. i have a client that wants this design. i'm hoping it won't be able to find me a similar wall behind the range wall.

input: what kind of wood is the natural wood shown here?
target: love the wood, what is it? what kind of wood is the natural wood shown here? thank you
output: what kind of wood is the natural wood shown here? i love this wood! thank you!

input: can't really find information on what this product is.
target: love the countertop! how is its durability compared to granite? can't really find information on what this product is.
output: what is the brand and name of the range? can't really find information on what this product is. thanks

input: wow, how talented you are.
target: wow, how talented you are. is truly spectacular! please tell me the door pull name and color. thinking they are lew’s? thank you so much!
output: wow, how talented you are. is that a special pendant? i love this pendant. thank you!

input: could you please give me the name of the product you chose to finish it?
target: ultimate farmhouse indeed . this kitchen looks so inviting for anyone who loves to cook, like me!! i'm in the middle of my kitchen renovation and have chosen beechwood for laundry room. could you please give me the name of the product you chose to finish it? or "help it along"? thank you!
output: what is the name of the product? could you please give me the name of the product you chose to finish it? thank you!

input: if so is it in a cabinet.?
target: is there a microwave? if so is it in a cabinet.? thank you!
output: is it a door? if so is it in a cabinet. ? thank you!

input: hi where did you purchase the cabinet hardware from?
target: hardware? hi where did you purchase the cabinet hardware from? thanks so much!
output: hardware. hi where did you purchase the cabinet hardware from? thanks!

input: what is the material on the ceiling?
target: what is on the ceiling? paneling? reclaimed wood ? what is the material on the ceiling?
output: what is the material on the ceiling? is it wood or fiberglass? thanks

input: did you do anything to give the beech countertops that awesome design or is that just the woods natural beauty?
target: beech countertops . did you do anything to give the beech countertops that awesome design or is that just the woods natural beauty? and did u stain it seal them with anything special?
output: beech countertops. did you do anything to give the beech countertops that awesome design or is that just the woods natural beauty? i'm curious as to how much the beech is held up to protect it?

input: can you share what kind of flooring and stain used?
target: floors . can you share what kind of flooring and stain used? thanks!
output: flooring. can you share what kind of flooring and stain used? thank you!

input: what is the purpose of the granite piece under the apron front sink?
target: granite under the sink? what is the purpose of the granite piece under the apron front sink? i have not seen that done before, and i like the look, especially if the countertops were pretty unique, but just wondering if you had a reason. the extra granite, cuts, drain holes, etc could get pricey to just be adding a small strip. i appreciate your response!
output: granite. what is the purpose of the granite piece under the apron front sink? it looks like the bottom and bottom of the sink is polished.

input: for your ultimate farmhouse kitchen, did you also use granite?
target: is that granite that you used for the other countertops? for your ultimate farmhouse kitchen, did you also use granite? what is the name of that gorgeous countertop?
output: what is the name of this granite? for your ultimate farmhouse kitchen, did you also use granite? what is the name of it?

input: love the reclaimed beech countertop .what company did you use?
target: love the reclaimed beech countertop .what company did you use? i absolutely love this kitchen! i want to get reclaimed beech countertops like you have and i have been all over the internet looking for them, to no avail. where did you get them?
output: what company did you use? love the reclaimed beech countertop. what company did you use? thank you!

input: where did you get the wicker bread box?
target: wicker bread box . i love everything about this kitchen even down to the small details! where did you get the wicker bread box?
output: wicker bread box. where did you get the wicker bread box? what is the name of it? thank you

input: would you please share the mfg of the vent hood?
target: vent hood . would you please share the mfg of the vent hood? thanks!
output: vent hood. would you please share the mfg of the vent hood? thank you.

input: hi, can you please tell me the grout color used?
target: grout color? hi, can you please tell me the grout color used? thanks
output: grout color? hi, can you please tell me the grout color used? thanks

input: i assume that was just custom with copper piping?
target: the pot rack! brilliant!! i assume that was just custom with copper piping?
output: what is the brand of the cabinets? i assume that was just custom with copper piping? what is the brand of the cabinets?

input: is the owner still happy with that choice?
target: hi mike, i see that the counter is beech. is that durable? is the owner still happy with that choice? i love the look! beautiful job!
output: what is the name of this house? is the owner still happy with that choice? thank you!

input: can you tell me where the faucet is from?
target: hi, love this kitchen! can you tell me where the faucet is from? struggling with that decision right now.
output: faucet. can you tell me where the faucet is from? thanks!

input: i would love to know what you used on the ceiling here in your kitchen.
target: ceiling in kitchen . i would love to know what you used on the ceiling here in your kitchen. i am trying to achieve this look in mine. thanks!
output: ceiling. i would love to know what you used on the ceiling here in your kitchen. it's beautiful!

input: what kind of finish did you put on the wood counter top?
target: counter top finish . what kind of finish did you put on the wood counter top? i love the reclaimed wood.
output: what kind of finish did you put on the wood counter top? i love this kitchen! thank you!

input: the counter tops on the right looks like cement/concrete counter tops, are they?
target: counter tops to the right . the counter tops on the right looks like cement/concrete counter tops, are they? my island is stained concrete counter top and i love it!
output: what is the material? the counter tops on the right looks like cement/concrete counter tops, are they? what is the material? what is the name of the counter tops?

input: please advise what is the cabinet height supporting your farmhouse sink.
target: cabinet size . please advise what is the cabinet height supporting your farmhouse sink. i love this idea instead of mounting it the traditional way.
output: cabinet size. please advise what is the cabinet height supporting your farmhouse sink. thank you.

input: where are they from?
target: love the floors? where are they from? what type and style?
output: chandeliers. where are they from? chandeliers?

input: what are the door dimensions (height) of the upper cabinets?
target: what are the door dimensions (height) of the upper cabinets? i like the balance of 1/3 and 2/3 ratio of the upper cabinets. we are building a home and the ceiling in the kitchen will be almost 12 feet. the balance and ratio of sizes and colors is perfect in your design!
output: dimensions. what are the door dimensions(height) of the upper cabinets? thank you!

input: can you provide the manufacturer?
target: i love the hood. can you provide the manufacturer? i find most hoods to be ugly. the one looks great.
output: can you provide the manufacturer? love the pendant lights! thank you.

input: who makes the calacata 981 quartz used on the island?
target: countertops on island . who makes the calacata 981 quartz used on the island? still zodiaq/ corian or some other company?
output: who makes the calacata 981 quartz used on the island? i have a client that wants a marble counter that has a marble base. i'm worried it won't work in the kitchen. thanks!

input: can you tell me the dimensions of the island for perspective?
target: light fixtures/ island . you said you used the largest size of light fixtures. can you tell me the dimensions of the island for perspective? thank you!
output: dimensions. can you tell me the dimensions of the island for perspective? thank you!

input: who are the manufacture of the bar stool?
target: who are the manufacture of the bar stool? thank you for taking the time to answer our questions. very nice of you.
output: bar stools. who are the manufacture of the bar stool? thanks!

input: wondering what the ceiling height is.
target: ceiling height please . wondering what the ceiling height is. thinking of these lights with a 9 foot ceiling not sure if they are too tall
output: wondering what the ceiling height is. trying to decide if to go with the tall cabinet with the chairs or not. wondering what the ceiling height is. thanks

input: how high are the perimeter countertops?
target: counter heights . beautiful kitchen! i noted the island was 36” and 39” . how high are the perimeter countertops?
output: how high are the perimeter countertops? i love this kitchen! thank you!

input: what are the dimensions of each part of the island, the sit.down part as well as the prep zone part?
target: dimensions of each island part . beautiful. what are the dimensions of each part of the island, the sit.down part as well as the prep zone part?
output: what are the dimensions of each part of the island, the sit. down part as well as the prep zone part? i'm guessing this is the best plan for my kitchen! thanks!

input: do the pendants over the island come in other sizes and from where are they?
target: cabinets and pendants . are the cabinets painted black and full overlay? can i buy them somewhere? do the pendants over the island come in other sizes and from where are they? i love this kitchen so much that i am mimicking it here in new jersey! simply stunning combination and using all metal colors makes it timeless!
output: dimensions. do the pendants over the island come in other sizes and from where are they? thank you!

input: where were thr navy golden door handles on white cabinets sourced from?
target: door handles . navy . where were thr navy golden door handles on white cabinets sourced from?
output: doors. where were thr navy golden door handles on white cabinets sourced from? thank you.

input: where can i get the drawers?
target: pantry drawers . wire rack, pull out shelf . i really like the way this pantry looks. where can i get the drawers?
output: where can i get the drawers? i need to buy a house that has a lot of people. i need a place to buy them.

input: name of the hardware pulls on the cabinets?
target: cabinet hardware . what is the company andamp. name of the hardware pulls on the cabinets? beautiful kitchen, thanks!
output: cabinet pulls. name of the hardware pulls on the cabinets? what are the dimensions?

input: where can i get those pendants above the island?
target: pendants . beautiful home! where can i get those pendants above the island?
output: where can i get those pendants above the island? i love this pendant. where can i get those pendants above the island? thank you

input: what is the name/color of the countertop?
target: countertop . what is the name/color of the countertop? thank you
output: what is the name/color of the countertop? what is the name/color of the countertop? thank you!

input: i would like to know the color/material of the flooring?
target: beautiful kitchen! i would like to know the color/material of the flooring? thank you!
output: flooring. i would like to know the color/material of the flooring? thanks

input: we are trying to figure out how far apart we need to put the fridge and ovens so we can open the fridge doors fully.
target: is the left fridge door able to open all the way? beautiful kitchen . we are designing a similar layout kitchen now and our built in fridge is going next to the oven. we are trying to figure out how far apart we need to put the fridge and ovens so we can open the fridge doors fully.
output: what is the length of the fridge doors? we are trying to figure out how far apart we need to put the fridge and ovens so we can open the fridge doors fully.

input: what are the dimensions of the posts on the island?
target: posts on the island . what are the dimensions of the posts on the island? how wide?
output: what are the dimensions of the posts on the island? i love the posts! what are the dimensions of the posts on the island?

input: what is the colour of the cabinets and countertop material and colour?
target: what is the colour of the cabinets and countertop? beautiful kitchen. lovely home throughout. what is the colour of the cabinets and countertop material and colour?
output: what is the colour of the cabinets and countertop material and colour? this is a beautiful kitchen! what is the colour of the cabinets and countertop material and colour?

input: can you please share the faucet manufacturer?
target: faucet manufacturer . lovely kitchen! can you please share the faucet manufacturer? thanks
output: faucet manufacturer? love this kitchen! can you please share the faucet manufacturer? thanks!

input: can you tell me how or who fabricated it?
target: i love the hood. can you tell me how or who fabricated it? is is a s
output: i love the pendant lights over the island. can you tell me how or who fabricated it? thank you!

input: what cabinet style are the sable cabinets and handle model .
target: what cabinet style are the sable cabinets and handle model . i am doing a kitchen in the same color using the windsor door style but have never seen a picture of one done that way. your room is beautiful. may consider a door style change. cabinet handles look great. thank you
output: what cabinet style are the sable cabinets and handle model. i love the handles on the cabinets. where can i get them?

input: who is manufacturer of these chairs?
target: love the chairs! who is manufacturer of these chairs? very beautiful kitchen!
output: who is manufacturer of these chairs? who is manufacturer of these chairs? thank you!

input: is there a sink/window next to refridgerater?
target: my dream kitchen!! is there a sink/window next to refridgerater? is it possible to see a picture?
output: dimensions of the window. is there a sink/window next to refridgerater? looks like there is a window above the sink.

input: what is the cabinets hardware please?
target: such a fab kitchen . awesome! what is the cabinets hardware please? the pulls and its sizes? thanks a lot!
output: cabinets. what is the cabinets hardware please? thank you.

input: do you have the plans or can you inform me of who the "pro" is who built it?
target: the banquette is fabulous! do you have the plans or can you inform me of who the "pro" is who built it? the banquette is fabulous! do you have the plans or can you inform me of who the "pro" is who built it?
output: love the cabinets! do you have the plans or can you inform me of who the" pro" is who built it? thank you!

input: what wood is used in these cabinets?
target: cabinet color? what wood is used in these cabinets? they are beautiful!
output: what wood is used in these cabinets? i love this! what wood is used in these cabinets?

input: what is the width of floor space between the counter.top on the left and the appliances?
target: what is the width of floor space between the counter.top on the left and the appliances? my husband thinks it looks too narrow but i think there is probably actually more space than it appears in this photo. thanks!
output: what is the width of floor space between the counter. top on the left and the appliances? i'm planning on doing something similar in my kitchen. thanks!

input: who manufactures this cabinet ?
target: cabinets . who manufactures this cabinet ? beautiful!
output: cabinets. who manufactures this cabinet? thanks!

input: what is the style and maker or chairs.
target: chairs . what is the style and maker or chairs. thank you
output: what is the style and maker or chairs. i love the chairs. where can i get them?

input: what diameter is the table and will the bench seat hold more than 3 people?
target: what diameter is the table and will the bench seat hold more than 3 people? what diameter table have you planned for? would the bench seat accommodate 3 people?
output: what diameter is the table? what diameter is the table? what diameter is the bench seat? thanks

input: is it real stone or made of another material?
target: i love the hood! is it real stone or made of another material? where can i get one?
output: i love the flooring! is it real stone or made of another material? what is the stain color?

input: who made the kitchen cabinets?
target: kitchen cabinets . who made the kitchen cabinets? very nice!
output: who made the kitchen cabinets? they are beautiful! thank you!

input: whatever detail you can provide about the island surface would be greatly appreciated.
target: beautiful kitchen . what is the island material? whatever detail you can provide about the island surface would be greatly appreciated. thank you!
output: what is the island color? what is the paint color? whatever detail you can provide about the island surface would be greatly appreciated.

input: is the white between the windows part of the window or is it trim added afterward?
target: love the windows . is the white between the windows part of the window or is it trim added afterward? i want to achieve this exact look . what do i tell my marvin rep that i want exactly?
output: is the white between the windows part of the window or is it trim added afterward? i have a question that i need to know about the white between the windows part of the window or is it trim added afterward? what is the price you used to buy?

input: could you tell me the window size ?
target: could you tell me the window size ? thanks . could you tell me the window size ? thanks
output: could you tell me the window size? thanks. could you tell me the window size? thanks

input: hi, couldyou please tell me what the celing is?
target: hi, couldyou please tell me what the celing is? is it flooring, or re . or reclamied wood or???
output: hi, couldyou please tell me what the celing is? thanks!

input: do these windows work well in very cold climates?
target: black aluminum windows . do these windows work well in very cold climates? can they open? do they have screens?
output: windows. do these windows work well in very cold climates? what is the material?

input: what color is the island paint color?
target: island paint color . hello. what color is the island paint color? thank you
output: island paint color. what color is the island paint color? thank you

input: what are the sizes of these windows?
target: size of window, height of ceiling . what are the sizes of these windows? are rese 8' or higher ceilings?
output: what are the sizes of these windows? thanks. what are the sizes of these windows? thanks

input: what paint color did you use for the cabinets on the island?
target: island cabinet color . what paint color did you use for the cabinets on the island? thanks!
output: what paint color did you use for the cabinets on the island? i'm trying to do something like this for my new house. i'm trying to figure out if this is the best option.

input: where did you get the drawer pulls?
target: drawer pulls . where did you get the drawer pulls? what are they called. they're gorgeous!
output: drawer pulls. where did you get the drawer pulls? what size are they?

input: great kitchen where is the runner from?
target: runner . great kitchen where is the runner from? thanks
output: runner. great kitchen where is the runner from? thanks

input: name please?
target: love the backsplash. name please? i never see the question on houzz a
output: love the cabinet color. name please? thank you!

input: what color is the floor?
target: what color is the floor? love the wood color! what color is it?
output: what color is the floor? it looks like it's natural oak or maple. what color is the floor?

input: are they blue, or some other color?
target: please, paint color . what paint color are cabinets? are they blue, or some other color?
output: are they blue, or some other color? what are the counters? what color are they?

input: can you please tell me what the stone counter top is made of and if it's honed or polished.
target: stone? can you please tell me what the stone counter top is made of and if it's honed or polished. thanks.
output: stone. can you please tell me what the stone counter top is made of and if it's honed or polished. thanks

input: my cabinet maker is going to put this in for me, but doesn't know where to get the stuff
target: where do you buy the mounting hardware for this? i have looked at rev a shelf, but cannot find it. my cabinet maker is going to put this in for me, but doesn't know where to get the stuff
output: where did you get the rug? my cabinet maker is going to put this in for me, but doesn't know where to get the stuff. is it a rug?

input: can you tell me about the pendant lamp over the table?
target: love the lamp! can you tell me about the pendant lamp over the table? i love it!
output: can you tell me about the pendant lamp over the table? is it a light fixture? it's beautiful!

input: where are the cabinets from?
target: kitchen cabinets are beautiful . where are the cabinets from? they are beautiful
output: where are the cabinets from? what style? love the cabinets!

input: can you share manufacture/model of counter stools?
target: love the counter stools! can you share manufacture/model of counter stools? thank you!
output: counter stools. can you share manufacture/model of counter stools? thank you!

input: how high are the ceilings?
target: ceiling and cabinets height . gorgeous! how high are the ceilings? and upper cabinets? thanks!
output: ceiling. how high are the ceilings? thanks!

input: what is the island counter top?
target: what is the island counter top? what is the island counter top? i really like it. thanks
output: what is the island counter top? what is the island counter top? thank you!

input: can you let me know the type of wood that was used for the island countertop?
target: what type of wood was used for the island countertop? can you let me know the type of wood that was used for the island countertop? it’s gorgeous
output: what type of wood was used for the island countertop? can you let me know the type of wood that was used for the island countertop? thank you!

input: can you plz share the cabinet paint color.
target: cabinetry . can you plz share the cabinet paint color. i really love how it flows. i purchased a calacata slabs for our kitchen and i want to blend it with the right color of white cabinet
output: cabinet paint color. can you plz share the cabinet paint color. thank you

input: love the flooring, can you pease provide info on it?
target: floors . love the flooring, can you pease provide info on it? thank you!
output: flooring. love the flooring, can you pease provide info on it? thanks

input: can you tell me the brand and model of this microwave.thanks.
target: i'm curious about the microwave . i would like to install a good looking compact microwave in a standard depth upper cabinet. i'm having trouble finding a microwave that isn't too deep. can you tell me the brand and model of this microwave.thanks.
output: can you tell me the brand and model of this microwave. thanks. i have a customer that wants a microwave. i have a customer that wants it. thanks.

input: i have limited space in my kitchen.could you share how much landing space there is on either side of the range?
target: landing space . i have limited space in my kitchen.could you share how much landing space there is on either side of the range? it would be very helpful. thanks.
output: i have limited space in my kitchen. could you share how much landing space there is on either side of the range? thank you.

input: how wide are the pantry doors?
target: our kitchen remodel . how wide is the pantry? how wide are the pantry doors?
output: how wide are the pantry doors? i have a pantry that says this. what is the width?

input: photo permission?
target: photo permission? beautiful lighting! i'm working on a blog for woodiq.com covering the latest in cabinet lighting. i'd love to include this photo, with your permission. it's a great example of a well.thought out, beautiful lighting scheme. the blog will be published later this month. please let me know if you have any questions. thanks!
output: photo permission? i'm in love with this photo. i'm in love with this photo. please give me the photo permission.

input: what size housing do you recommend for 8 foot ceilings?
target: recessed light size? can you tell me the size of the recessed lights? is it a 6" or 4" housing.or something different? what size housing do you recommend for 8 foot ceilings?
output: what size housing do you recommend for 8 foot ceilings? i have a customer that wants 8 foot ceilings and i want one. thanks.

input: who made this hood?
target: hood . who made this hood? thanks!
output: hood. who made this hood? thanks!

input: i have a narrow space and mine are supposed to be 15 in wide and wondering how they will look standing on their own flanking the hood.
target: what is the width of the glass front cabinets flanding the range hood? i have a narrow space and mine are supposed to be 15 in wide and wondering how they will look standing on their own flanking the hood. these look great.
output: what is the width of the front and back. i have a narrow space and mine are supposed to be 15 in wide and wondering how they will look standing on their own flanking the hood. thanks.

input: can you tell me what white i should use?
target: kitchen paint color . i want to paint my cabinets white. there are so many to choose from. there is brick and copper in the kitchen. i want the country look. can you tell me what white i should use?
output: what is the wall paint color? i am planning on painting my cabinets white. can you tell me what white i should use?

input: what is the depth of the wall cabinets, and the depth of the microwave?
target: loved the microwave/buit in look . what is the depth of the wall cabinets, and the depth of the microwave? what model is this microwave? thanks for your reply!
output: what is the depth of the wall cabinets, and the depth of the microwave? what is the depth of the microwave? what is the depth of the microwave? what is the depth of the microwave? thanks!

input: what are the countertops?
target: countertop . what are the countertops? name and finish? thank you
output: what are the countertops? i love this kitchen! what are the countertops?

input: what kind of flooring is this?
target: what kind of flooring is this? it could be natural wood or engineered lumber. i don't think it's laminate since the seams are not visible. how was this floor made?
output: what kind of flooring is this? is it wood or engineered? what is the stain color?

input: can you tell me what light bulbs you used in your ceiling cans?
target: light bulbs used in old mill park kitchen . can you tell me what light bulbs you used in your ceiling cans? i keep trying different ones and can't seem to find the right ones. i do have a dimmer on the switch. thank you for your help.
output: light bulbs. can you tell me what light bulbs you used in your ceiling cans? i have a customer that wants some more specific ones.

input: are tiles not been used in toilets and kitchens nowadays?
target: tiles . i noticed that all the kitchens and toilets i have been seen were without tiles. are tiles not been used in toilets and kitchens nowadays?
output: are tiles not been used in toilets and kitchens nowadays? ? i have been looking for tiles like that for a long time and am trying to find them. i have been looking for them and they have not been used.

input: design wise, how did you approach making the corners an efficient use of space?
target: utilizing corners . nicely done. i too have a u.shaped kitchen, with the cooktop in the middle. design wise, how did you approach making the corners an efficient use of space? thank you.
output: design wise, how did you approach making the corners an efficient use of space? i have a similar plan and am trying to do something similar in my new home. i have a similar plan and i am concerned that the corners will not pull out from the sides of the room. thank you!

input: are the shelves notched out to allow continuous strip?
target: where is the led strip lighting installed . around the perimeter of the back or front of cabinet. are the shelves notched out to allow continuous strip?
output: where did you get the strip? are the shelves notched out to allow continuous strip? what is the name of the strip?

input: how easy/difficult is it to replace led lighting inside cabinets when it goes out?
target: how easy/difficult is it to replace led lighting inside cabinets when it goes out? i don't know much about led strip lighting. is it easy to replace when burned out? thank you. i love this glow.
output: how easy/difficult is it to replace led lighting inside cabinets when it goes out? i love how it works!

input: could you tell me the name of it and size?
target: backsplash . i love the backsplash. could you tell me the name of it and size? thank you!
output: i love the island. could you tell me the name of it and size? thank you!

input: is the lighting wired in to each shelf on both sides?
target: lighting . i love the lighting in the cupboards. i like having solid shelves instead of glass. is the lighting wired in to each shelf on both sides?
output: lighting. is the lighting wired in to each shelf on both sides? what is the name of it? thank you

input: are the cabinets 30" and 18" stacked?
target: love the stacked cabinets . are the cabinets 30" and 18" stacked? is this a waypoint kitchen?
output: cabinet size. are the cabinets 30" and 18" stacked? what size is the cabinet size?

input: it addresses the need to have somewhere to put things taken out of refrigerator when preparing a meal or putting groceries away.
target: island shape is awesome! it addresses the need to have somewhere to put things taken out of refrigerator when preparing a meal or putting groceries away. i find this basic need lacking in a lot of designs. how did you determine the distance you needed to the refrigerator? any insight on placing this design in my kitchen when we do total remodel of kitchen, hopefully this fall? again beautiful design!
output: need to have a pantry. it addresses the need to have somewhere to put things taken out of refrigerator when preparing a meal or putting groceries away.

input: can you tell me the name and brand?
target: i like the paint color. can you tell me the name and brand? thanks!
output: love the cabinets. can you tell me the name and brand? thank you!

input: what color did you use on the walls?
target: walls, countertops . love the peppercorn! what color did you use on the walls? what are the countertops made of? thanks!
output: what color did you use on the walls? i love this! what is the color?

input: where can i buy the yellow bar stools?
target: where can i buy the yellow bar stools? love the bar stools. who makes them?
output: where can i buy the yellow bar stools? please provide details on the color and manufacturer. thank you.

input: what material is the lower cabinet made from?
target: cabinets . what material is the lower cabinet made from? also what color is it?
output: cabinets. what material is the lower cabinet made from? thanks

input: i am really wanting to add 12" cabinets behind for extra storage but that will leave me w a 10" overhang?
target: bar overhang depth? hello . i am really wanting to add 12" cabinets behind for extra storage but that will leave me w a 10" overhang? i know recommendations are 15 . 18" but mostly these will be used by kids or turned towards living room.
output: what is the depth of the cabinets behind the pantry? i am really wanting to add 12" cabinets behind for extra storage but that will leave me w a 10" overhang? thanks!

input: can you please tell me where to purchase the light fixtures over island?
target: light fixtures . can you please tell me where to purchase the light fixtures over island? i really appreciate your time!
output: light fixtures. can you please tell me where to purchase the light fixtures over island? thank you.

input: are there any new products or processes that can be applied to prevent wine, coffee etc staining?
target: marble . i love carrara marble but am semi afraid of using it for my kitchen island. how difficult is marble to keep looking shiny and not stainable? are there any new products or processes that can be applied to prevent wine, coffee etc staining? thank you.
output: what is the stain on the cabinets? are there any new products or processes that can be applied to prevent wine, coffee etc staining? thank you!

input: what is it?
target: paint . love the island paint color. what is it?
output: love the flooring! what is it? what is it?

input: can you tell me what brand and paint color was used for the island?
target: our new kitchen! can you tell me what brand and paint color was used for the island? thank you!
output: what brand and paint color was used for the island? can you tell me what brand and paint color was used for the island? thank you!

input: what brand are they?
target: cabinets . what brand are they? thanks!
output: cabinets. what brand are they? thanks

input: what marble is the countertop?
target: countertops . what marble is the countertop? one response says calcutta, another says carrera.
output: countertop. what marble is the countertop? is it honed marble?

input: what color should i pant the wall and cupboards?
target: kitchen colors . i painted my countertop black and my cupboards are white. the wall is a cream color. what color should i pant the wall and cupboards?
output: what color should i pant the wall and cupboards? i'm planning on doing white cabinets in this house. i'm planning on doing white cabinets in this color.

input: please share where they were purchased from.
target: stools . love them. please share where they were purchased from. thank you.
output: stools. please share where they were purchased from. thank you.

input: and lastly what is the counter made of?
target: island . what color is the island painted? also what are the dimensions? and lastly what is the counter made of?
output: what is the counter made of? what is the material? and lastly what is the counter made of? thank you!

input: what brand is it and where can i order it from?
target: lighting . i would like to have the same lighting for my kitchen island. what brand is it and where can i order it from?
output: what brand is it and where can i order it from? i love the pendant lights! thank you!

input: could you tell me how you supported the island overhang?
target: island overhang support? could you tell me how you supported the island overhang? is it just the legs and framing connecting legs? or is there additional support?
output: island overhang. could you tell me how you supported the island overhang? thank you!

input: what is this pitch?
target: pitch of ceiling? i would like to see photos of a 4/12 pitch interior vaulted ceiling. what is this pitch?
output: pitch. what is this pitch? thanks

input: what size are the beams?
target: what size are the beams? what type of wood ? stain color?
output: what size are the beams? i'm planning on hanging beams. thanks.

input: what was the color of the beam stain?
target: beam color . what was the color of the beam stain? we have jacobean wood floors and fir beams and doors. i am having a hard time deciding on stain for the beams and doors.
output: what was the color of the beam stain? it's beautiful!

input: i am wondering if you would share the dimensions of the island?
target: dimension of island? this is a gorgeous kitchen. i am wondering if you would share the dimensions of the island? many thanks!
output: dimensions of island? i am wondering if you would share the dimensions of the island? thanks!

input: would it be possible to buy the rights to use this image for commercial use?
target: image request . hi there, we love this picture with the nickel gap planking/shiplap walls. we are creating a brochure for nickel gap planking and trim boards. would it be possible to buy the rights to use this image for commercial use? do you have other interior images that feature nickel gap planking/shiplap? we are definitely interested in purchasing the rights to use the images commercially. thanks in advance for your response.
output: would it be possible to buy the rights to use this image for commercial use? i have a client and i want this image with my own project. i have a client that wants to use it in my kitchen. thank you.

input: is it hidden?
target: kitchen . i don't see any kitchen venting. is it hidden?
output: hidden door? is it hidden? what is the name of the door? it's beautiful.

input: what is used on the ceiling???
target: ceiling!! what is used on the ceiling??? love this!! thanks
output: what is used on the ceiling? ? ? this is a beautiful kitchen! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

input: what brand is the fridge?
target: what brand is the fridge? what brand is the fridge? thank you!
output: what brand is the fridge? what brand is the fridge? thank you!

input: who makes them/where did you get them.
target: love the barstools. who makes them/where did you get them. it looks like they swivel. do they? thank you so much.
output: i love the chairs. who makes them/where did you get them. thank you.

input: can you give me the details on the wood floor?
target: flooring . can you give me the details on the wood floor? thanks!
output: floor. can you give me the details on the wood floor? is it wood or engineered? what is the wood floor?

input: what color is the ceiling paint.
target: paint color . beautiful work. what color is the ceiling paint.
output: what color is the ceiling paint. i love this room! what color is the ceiling paint. thanks

input: wondering what they r using for a venting system in their island.
target: question on venting . wondering what they r using for a venting system in their island. does not look like they have a down draft.
output: what is the venting system? wondering what they r using for a venting system in their island. is it a vent system that is installed in a single unit?

input: what is the brand/ name of the backsplash.
target: backsplash . what is the brand/ name of the backsplash. thanks!
output: backsplash. what is the brand/name of the backsplash. thanks

input: what are the details on the backsplash and countertops.
target: backsplash and counters . what are the details on the backsplash and countertops. thanks!
output: what are the details on the backsplash and countertops. i love the backsplash. what are the details on the backsplash and countertops. thank you

input: could you please tell me the paint color used for the cabinets.
target: cabinet color please . could you please tell me the paint color used for the cabinets. thank you!
output: cabinet paint color. could you please tell me the paint color used for the cabinets. thank you

input: did you use white or a light grey grout for the backsplash?
target: backsplash grout . did you use white or a light grey grout for the backsplash? and what was your reasoning?
output: backsplash grout. did you use white or a light grey grout for the backsplash? what is the brand of the grout?

input: where did you get the cabinets?
target: love the kitchen. where did you get the cabinets? thanks!
output: cabinets. where did you get the cabinets? they are beautiful!

input: do the stiles and rails have a straight edge or is there a slight bevel, i can't quite tell?
target: love the cabinets! do the stiles and rails have a straight edge or is there a slight bevel, i can't quite tell? also, how thick are the stiles/ rails (what is the depth)? thank you!
output: love the rails! do the stiles and rails have a straight edge or is there a slight bevel, i can't quite tell? thanks!

input: do you have any experience with ikea cabinets?
target: custom vs ikea cabinets . hello! i love your kitchen cabinetry and i'm currently working on a kitchen design for a client. the thinks they can achieve this look with ikea cabinets. how do i convince them it is not the same? do you have any experience with ikea cabinets?
output: ikea cabinets. do you have any experience with ikea cabinets? i'm trying to figure out if i should stick to ikea cabinets. thanks!

input: what is the counter and backspalsh material?
target: counter material . what is the counter and backspalsh material? beautiful kitchwn!
output: what is the counter and backspalsh material? i love this kitchen! what is the counter and backspalsh material? thanks

input: could you tell me how high your celings are and possibly the kitchen dimensions?
target: ceiling height . love your kitchen. could you tell me how high your celings are and possibly the kitchen dimensions? thanks. so lovely.
output: ceiling height. could you tell me how high your celings are and possibly the kitchen dimensions? thanks!

input: what kind of wood is the flooring?
target: regarding the flooring. what kind of wood is the flooring? engineered? hardwood? and what is the wood itself? ie: cherry? hickory?
output: what kind of wood is the flooring? is it hardwood or lvt? what is the stain color?

input: what are the countertops?
target: what are the countertops? are they concrete? thanks for any information you have!
output: what are the countertops? thank you! what are the countertops? thank you!

input: where can i get it and what is it called?
target: where can i get this back splash? i love this back splash! is it marble? where can i get it and what is it called?
output: where can i get it and what is it called? i love the pendant lights! i'm planning on hanging them in my kitchen and i want to do something similar in my kitchen.

input: could you please tell me the name and brand of the stain on the island.
target: island stain . could you please tell me the name and brand of the stain on the island. i know it’s desert sand.but by who and where can i get it? thanks.
output: stain. could you please tell me the name and brand of the stain on the island. thank you

input: can you please share who makes the counter stools?
target: counter stools source . great design. can you please share who makes the counter stools?
output: counter stools. can you please share who makes the counter stools? thank you!

input: what brand and model is the wall oven/microwave combo?
target: wall oven/microwave brand . what brand and model is the wall oven/microwave combo? thank you!
output: wall oven/microwave. what brand and model is the wall oven/microwave combo? thanks!

input: how long is the wall with chimney hood?
target: wall length . how long is the wall with chimney hood? also is that a 36" hood?
output: wall length. how long is the wall with chimney hood? thanks

input: who makes the chandelier.
target: chandelier . who makes the chandelier. just beautiful!
output: chandelier. who makes the chandelier. where can i get it? thanks!

input: could you please provide information on the floor please?
target: floor . could you please provide information on the floor please? it is beautiful. thanks
output: could you please provide information on the floor please? is it wood or engineered? what type of wood?

input: do you know the model number for that refrigerator?
target: refrigerator . do you know the model number for that refrigerator? specifically looking for a built in viking with an in.door water/ice dispenser and just saw this one. thank you!
output: refrigerator. do you know the model number for that refrigerator? i love it!

input: can you help me ?
target: beautiful kitchen. hola, i want to build my kitchen but i can't find the design that adapt to the area, space. can you help me ? thank you.
output: light fixtures. i love the light fixtures. can you help me?

input: could you tell me the dimensions involved.
target: kitchen . dear designer: i am designing a similar kitchen. could you tell me the dimensions involved. thank you regards rodrigo
output: dimensions. hi there, i'm in the process of designing a new home. could you tell me the dimensions involved. thank you.

input: can you provide the specifics for what was used for the backsplash and countertops, including brand and color?
target: backsplash and countertops? can you provide the specifics for what was used for the backsplash and countertops, including brand and color? looks great!
output: backsplash and countertops. can you provide the specifics for what was used for the backsplash and countertops, including brand and color? thank you!

input: where can i get these exact stools?
target: counter stools? where can i get these exact stools? they are perfect for my new kitchen. i would need 3. thanks so much!!
output: stools. where can i get these exact stools? thank you

input: what is the backsplash in this photo above the range?
target: what is the backsplash in this photo above the range? love the pattern and color. where can i purchase? thanks!
output: what is the backsplash in this photo above the range? love it! what is the backsplash in this photo above the range?

input: can you please share where they are from?
target: beautiful chairs, where are they from? love these chairs. can you please share where they are from?
output: stools. can you please share where they are from? thank you!

input: where can i get them?
target: island stools . love these stools. would do the. for my island. where can i get them?
output: love the chairs. where can i get them? thanks

input: hi, can you please tell me who makes the cabinet hardware?
target: cabinet hardware . hi, can you please tell me who makes the cabinet hardware? love!
output: cabinet hardware. hi, can you please tell me who makes the cabinet hardware? thanks

input: could you also tell me the space between the island and the range?
target: dimensions . can i tell me the length of the wall that the range is on? or the width of the cabinets flanking the range? could you also tell me the space between the island and the range?
output: dimensions. could you also tell me the space between the island and the range? thank you!

input: can you please tell me where you purchased the stools?
target: stools . can you please tell me where you purchased the stools? thank you!
output: stools. can you please tell me where you purchased the stools? thank you!

input: what is the brand/color of the cabinet pulls?
target: what is the brand/color of the cabinet pulls? i'm looking for styles that go with delta's champagne bronze color. thanks!
output: cabinet pulls. what is the brand/color of the cabinet pulls? thank you!

input: hello, what retail store did you purchase the bar stools from?
target: bar stools . hello, what retail store did you purchase the bar stools from? thank you!
output: bar stools. hello, what retail store did you purchase the bar stools from? thank you!

input: can you tell me who makes this faucet?
target: faucet . hi, i absolutely love the brass accents in this kitchen, but am finding faucets in this color difficult to come by. can you tell me who makes this faucet? thank you!
output: faucet. can you tell me who makes this faucet? thanks

input: what is the name of the pattern or color of the calcutta marble?
target: is the marble island honed or polished? which calcutta marble? is the marble island countertop honed or polished? what is the name of the pattern or color of the calcutta marble?
output: calcutta marble. what is the name of the pattern or color of the calcutta marble? thank you!

input: could you please let me know what hood this is?
target: range hood . i just love this kitchen! really beautiful. could you please let me know what hood this is? is the top part of the hood? is it wood or sheetrock covered? any information you could provide would be appreciated. we are hoping to have a very similar feature wall around the range in our remodel. thank you so much!
output: hood. could you please let me know what hood this is? thank you!

input: can you provide the information on the backsplash and the manufacturer of the tile?
target: backsplash . can you provide the information on the backsplash and the manufacturer of the tile? gorgeous kitchen!
output: backsplash. can you provide the information on the backsplash and the manufacturer of the tile? thank you!

input: can you please provide: 1) over backsplash tile brand/name?
target: this is my favorite kitchen every! can you please provide: 1) over backsplash tile brand/name? 2) is the countertop quartz or real marble? 3) lighting brand/name? thanks so much!
output: backsplash. can you please provide: 1) over backsplash tile brand/name? thank you!

input: can you provide basic dimensions of the space?
target: can you provide basic dimensions of the space? beautiful space! looking for overall dimensions to determine if i can do something similar is remodel
output: dimensions of the space? can you provide basic dimensions of the space? thank you!

input: can you give specifics about the flooring?
target: can you give specifics about the flooring? thx in advance. can you give specifics about the flooring? thx in advance.
output: flooring. can you give specifics about the flooring? is it wood or engineered? what is the material?

input: where are the pendants from?
target: where are the pendants from? i love these pendants and have been searching for something similar. any info is appreciated. thanks!
output: where are the pendants from? love them! love the pendants!

input: what is the size of the sitting bar?
target: hello! what is the size of the sitting bar? i’m remodeling my kitchen and this bar seems to have the perfect size.
output: what is the size of the sitting bar? i love this layout. what is the size of the sitting bar? thanks

input: where did you get the bar stools from 4038284409 i’m in calgary alberta.
target: where r the bar stools from. 4038284409 . where did you get the bar stools from 4038284409 i’m in calgary alberta. what is the price.
output: where did you get the bar stools from 4038284409 i’m in calgary alberta. where did you get the bar stools from 4038284409 where did you get the bar stools from 4038284409. thanks

input: could you tell me the manufacturer of counter stools?
target: beautiful kitchen and island. could you tell me the manufacturer of counter stools? thank you!
output: could you tell me the manufacturer of counter stools? thank you! i have a customer that wants a stools and i want it in my kitchen and want to do something similar.

input: can you tell me what type of stone it is and the name if possible.
target: floor tile . hi gustavo, i love the floor tiles. they are beautiful. can you tell me what type of stone it is and the name if possible. thanks for talking to me this morning. bernadette
output: what type of stone is this? can you tell me what type of stone it is and the name if possible. thanks

input: can you tell me who makes the tile and what the name if it is?
target: can you tell me who makes the tile and what the name if it is? can you tell me the name and manufacturer of the floor tile. it is beautiful.
output: tile. can you tell me who makes the tile and what the name if it is? thank you!

input: can you tell me about the cabinets?
target: cabinets . can you tell me about the cabinets? hard to determine from photo if they are more of a gray color or wood stained (is island and wall same?). thank you.
output: cabinets. can you tell me about the cabinets? are they honed or brushed?

input: they'll be helpful when building our own home next year.
target: no question just a comment . what an amazing kitchen!!! it's one of my top 3 favorite kitchens on houzz!! i imagine the rest of the house is just as beautiful. the owners are very fortunate. thank you for answering so many design questions. they'll be helpful when building our own home next year.
output: i love this kitchen! what is the name of it. they'll be helpful when building our own home next year.

input: and as far as the dover pulls is that the same pull on the refrigerator and what size?
target: what size are the brass pulls on the cabinets and refrigerator? what size are the brass pulls on the cabinets and refrigerator? this is my inspiration kitchen.i am beginning a remodel. not sure if i should go with 6 or 8 inch pulls on cabinets. and as far as the dover pulls is that the same pull on the refrigerator and what size? thank you
output: what size pulls are the cabinets? what size pulls? and as far as the dover pulls is that the same pull on the refrigerator and what size?

input: does the hood range touches the ceiling?
target: upper cabinets. are the upper cabinets 60” or taller? does the hood range touches the ceiling? thank you.
output: ceiling. does the hood range touches the ceiling? is it a ceiling?

input: what is the height of the upper cabinets?
target: beautiful kitchen . the ceiling height is 12’. what is the height of the upper cabinets? is it greater than 60”? gorgeous design! thank you.
output: ceiling height. what is the height of the upper cabinets? thank you!

input: who manufactured the cabinets?
target: who manufactured the cabinets? love the glass cabinets! lovely!
output: who manufactured the cabinets? love the cabinets! who makes them?

input: is it 42" or 48" walking space around the island?
target: what is the dimensions of this kitchen please? it looks at least 18' in length ?. is it 42" or 48" walking space around the island? thank you.
output: dimensions of island. is it 42" or 48" walking space around the island? thank you!

input: may i also know the height of this ceiling?
target: ceiling height . may i also know the height of this ceiling? thank you.
output: ceiling height. may i also know the height of this ceiling? thank you!

input: this ceiling looks higher so i can't decide if i should order the largest size pendant shown here or if they would be too large for the ceiling height and i should get the medium size instead.
target: love the pendants over the island . i am having a house built and would like to incorporate elements from this kitchen including the glendale pendants. my island will be 10 feet long and the ceiling is 10 feet high. this ceiling looks higher so i can't decide if i should order the largest size pendant shown here or if they would be too large for the ceiling height and i should get the medium size instead. what would you recommend?
output: what is the size of the pendants? this ceiling looks higher so i can't decide if i should order the largest size pendant shown here or if they would be too large for the ceiling height and i should get the medium size instead.

input: around where i'm from, it's a general myth that kitchen windows should not be too high, a myth i have been trying to disprove.
target: kitchen windows . around where i'm from, it's a general myth that kitchen windows should not be too high, a myth i have been trying to disprove. your kitchen drives my point in totally. light is of great importance in a kitchen space especially natural ones. very lovely design, the colour contrast is very nice too. implementing this colour scheme in a modern kitchen would definitely be a killer.
output: where did you get the window? around where i'm from, it's a general myth that kitchen windows should not be too high, a myth i have been trying to disprove. thanks!

input: how would you space these fixtures (side to side and front to back) and how many would you use?
target: light fixture spacing. i absolutely love this kitchen. your attention to detail is inspiring! you have been so kind about answering questions. your expertise is much appreciated! we are in the midst of new construction and have a kitchen island that is 10' x 5'. half of the width is sink/work space. the other half is counter height seating. i have selected three crystorama 9011 masefield pendants. they are 9" wide by 24.5" high. our ceilings are 10'. i was going to leave about 23" between each fixture and the ends of the counter. do you think i need to add a forth fixture, or is this adequate? we have quite a bit of recessed lighting in the kitchen but i don't want the lighting for the large island to look too sparse . or too cramped. how would you space these fixtures (side to side and front to back) and how many would you use? thanks!!
output: dimensions. hello! this is a beautiful kitchen. i've been looking for dimensions for a long time and this is my favorite on houzz! how would you space these fixtures(side to side and front to back) and how many would you use? thanks!

input: can you please let me know who built your hood.
target: hood . can you please let me know who built your hood. great job on your kitchen. the hood is stunning.
output: hood. can you please let me know who built your hood. thank you.

input: can you tell me what the height is between the range and the hood?
target: beautiful kitchen! can you tell me what the height is between the range and the hood? we are planning a remodel and my tall husband doesn’t want to hit his head on the hood but we want it to be low enough to work efficiently.
output: range. can you tell me what the height is between the range and the hood? thanks

input: may i know the manufacturer or brand of the hardwood floor please?
target: brand of the floor . may i know the manufacturer or brand of the hardwood floor please? how thick is it and where can i get it? thank you!
output: hardwood floor. may i know the manufacturer or brand of the hardwood floor please? thank you!

input: is it practical for the working triangle to cover so much distance?
target: large triangle . we are planning a new construction west indies style home and this kitchen is my inspiration. i love everything about it! our kitchen dimensions are similar in length ( sink wall), but narrower in width. we can make it work with a smaller island. my concern is the distance from the refrigerator to the range. is it practical for the working triangle to cover so much distance?
output: dimensions of the triangle. is it practical for the working triangle to cover so much distance? thank you!

input: where did you hide the a/c return and supplies.
target: hvac supply and return . where did you hide the a/c return and supplies. the kitchen is so glamorous! i can't find them anywhere!
output: where did you hide the a/c return and supplies. i love this kitchen! i'm in love with this. i'm in the middle of a project.

input: also, if you know who made the awesome chairs for the island??
target: color of cabinets . can you tell me the color of both cabinets and island? also, if you know who made the awesome chairs for the island?? beautiful kitchen!
output: what is the cabinet style chairs? also, if you know who made the awesome chairs for the island? ? thank you!

input: going for an "old world" ship wreck with a modern twist look.try and explain that!?
target: stunning . best on houzz! i have looked at thousands of kitchens over the last few weeks looking for that one kitchen that i can use for inspiration as we start our remodel. i see bits and pieces here and there but until this kitchen, not one said "pick me"! every detail, scale, materials, color, etc. are perfection. we are doing a shore house, so we'll "beach" it up, but i was struggling with every beach house pic being all white or aqua. going for an "old world" ship wreck with a modern twist look.try and explain that!? elegant, yet casual/whimiscal. this kitchen gives me a great starting point! no questions, just kudos and thank you. many blessings to the family who will gets to enjoy this wonderul space!
output: how practical is the pantry pantry? how practical is the pantry door? how did you design the pantry door? how did you install it? how did you use the pull out pull from drawers? how did you use the pull out pull to select the best angle for the top. going for an" old world" ship wreck with a modern twist look. try and explain that! !

input: curious on faucet details/brand?
target: great design! question on faucets . curious on faucet details/brand? and sizes
output: faucet details/brand? what is the brand of the kitchen? curious on faucet details/brand? thanks

input: can you tell me the colors you used?
target: love this kitchen! love the contrast of cabinet colors. can you tell me the colors you used?
output: love the cabinets! can you tell me the colors you used? what are they called?

input: can you tell me how much space you left on each side (the smaller side.
target: other island dimension . i see the island is 90” x 90”. can you tell me how much space you left on each side (the smaller side. where only one stool fits) and/or how wide the stools are?
output: this is a beautiful kitchen! can you tell me how much space you left on each side(the smaller side. i'm thinking of doing a similar layout for my kitchen. thanks!

input: am 5'2 and the sitting area looks really low will it work for my height comfortably without me always punching over?
target: about the sitting area . am 5'2 and the sitting area looks really low will it work for my height comfortably without me always punching over? apart from that every thing from detail,colours , accessories everything is absolute perfection!.)
output: am 5' 2 and the sitting area looks really low will it work for my height comfortably without me always punching over? i'm guessing it is a 36" wide wide. thanks!

input: can you share the type of stone for the island?
target: island stone . can you share the type of stone for the island? make, model etc.
output: island stone. can you share the type of stone for the island? thank you!

input: where did you buy them/brand?
target: pendant lights? love the beautiful pendants over the island. where did you buy them/brand? thank you in advance!!
output: love the chairs. where did you buy them/brand? thank you.

input: how high aff are they hung please?
target: pendant height . your selection of island poendants are drop dead gorgeous. how high aff are they hung please? thank you.
output: how high aff are they hung please? thank you. i have a room in my house and i want to hang baskets on shelves like this.

input: can you please tell me the island width, length, and the height.
target: want to know the island dimensions? can you please tell me the island width, length, and the height. thanks for answering all the questions.
output: this is a beautiful kitchen! can you please tell me the island width, length, and the height. thanks

input: what color are the dark cabinets?
target: cabinet color, beautiful . beautiful kitchen! what color are the dark cabinets?
output: what color are the dark cabinets? i love this kitchen!

input: really the whole kitchen leaves me breathless .
target: cabinet pulls . i can't believe no one has asked the question about the cabinet pulls, brand and selection. the choices and alternate colors are stunning. really the whole kitchen leaves me breathless . can't take my eyes off it!
output: kitchen. really the whole kitchen leaves me breathless. can't believe it!

input: what brand are the windows?
target: details about the windows . what brand are the windows? are they double hung?
output: what brand are the windows? thanks!

input: what is counters material and sconces?
target: designs by sheron . you have paved the way.beautiful bravo! what is counters material and sconces?
output: counters. what is counters material and sconces? thanks

input: also what color is the black kitchen paint?
target: backsplash and paint . what is the kitchen tile backsplash? also what color is the black kitchen paint?
output: cabinet paint. also what color is the black kitchen paint? thank you!

input: can you tell me where island kitchen lights came from?
target: kitchen island lights . can you tell me where island kitchen lights came from? they are fabulous!
output: island lights. can you tell me where island kitchen lights came from? thank you!

input: can you provide information on the flooring used in this house.
target: flooring . can you provide information on the flooring used in this house. i love it!
output: flooring. can you provide information on the flooring used in this house. is it wood or engineered?

input: are the countertops quartz?
target: are the countertops quartz? if so what brand/color? thank you
output: are the countertops quartz? what color/stain? i'm trying to do a similar color for my kitchen. i'm trying to do something similar.

input: i was also wondering if the sink was directly opposite the stove and what the distance is between island and stove.
target: what are the island sink measurements? i was also wondering if the sink was directly opposite the stove and what the distance is between island and stove. in other words if there is someone at the stove and another person at the sink at the same time,is it cramped?
output: what is the distance between the stove and stove? i was also wondering if the sink was directly opposite the stove and what the distance is between island and stove. thank you!

input: can you please provide details about the flooring?
target: flooring details please . gorgeous! can you please provide details about the flooring? thanks!
output: flooring. can you please provide details about the flooring? is it wood or engineered? what type of wood is it?

input: what brand of storage shelving is this?
target: pantry shelving . what brand of storage shelving is this? i like that you can customize the height of the shelves depending on your needs.
output: what brand of storage shelving is this? i love this layout and am trying to figure out if i should stick to this. thank you!

input: anyone know what this product is?
target: i’m interested in the kitchen brick. looking for a new brick similar to this vintage look. anyone know what this product is?
output: i cannot find a pantry. anyone know what this product is? thanks

input: is the wood area above the sink hand painted or tiled?
target: lovely kitchen! is the wood area above the sink hand painted or tiled? i have 1 ft paneled soffit that matches my red birch cabinets. visually, it works, but i would love to figure out a way to make more that area attractive. this is gorgeous. can you tell me how this look was achieved? thanks so much!
output: ceiling paint color. is the wood area above the sink hand painted or tiled? what is the paint color on the ceiling?

input: hi can you tell me about the feature wall in wood?
target: wooden wall . hi can you tell me about the feature wall in wood? is that just laminated pieces stuck onto drywall? how/where can i get these materials?
output: wood wall. hi can you tell me about the feature wall in wood? is it engineered wood or engineered?

input: how were the concrete floors finished?
target: concrete floor finish . how were the concrete floors finished? are they polished concrete? what grit? was a color used?
output: how were the concrete floors finished? i'm trying to figure out if the concrete floors are stained or not. thanks!

input: what is the material used above the stove?
target: white wall above stove. this house is beautiful!! what is the material used above the stove? thank you
output: what is the material used above the stove? i am planning on doing a similar project and i want to do something similar in my kitchen. i have a client that wants this type of stove and i want it in my new house.

input: where did you acquire the orange chairs from ?
target: where did you acquire the orange chairs from ? the orange chairs are wonderful. where can i find them?
output: orange chairs. where did you acquire the orange chairs from? thank you

input: where are the windows and the door(s) in front of the kitchen island from?
target: where are those awesome windows/doors from? thanks! where are the windows and the door(s) in front of the kitchen island from? they're great!
output: where are the windows and the door(s) in front of the kitchen island from? i love this! where are the windows and the door(s) in front of the kitchen island from? what are the dimensions?

input: who makes it please!
target: wall art! i love it! who makes it please!
output: who makes it please! cabinet hardware? what is the cabinet color? thanks!

input: what material was used on the wooden wall?
target: what material was used on the wooden wall? is this a flooring product? what species of wood is it?
output: what material was used on the wooden wall? is it wood or fiberglass? thanks

input: how can i achieve a similar colour/finish for the floors?
target: floor colour . how can i achieve a similar colour/finish for the floors? is it a particular colour stain?
output: floors. how can i achieve a similar colour/finish for the floors? thank you!

input: could you please share the dimensions of this island?
target: island dimensions . could you please share the dimensions of this island? beautiful kitchen! thank you.
output: island dimensions. could you please share the dimensions of this island? thank you!

input: what is the gray paint color in the back by the mud room?
target: gray paint color . what is the gray paint color in the back by the mud room? thanks so much!
output: what is the gray paint color in the back by the mud room? i love this kitchen!

input: would you be able to tell me the distance between the countertop and the hood, as well as the distance from the wall to the edge of the hood.
target: hood dimensions from countertop and back wall. would you be able to tell me the distance between the countertop and the hood, as well as the distance from the wall to the edge of the hood. the whole kitchen is lovely . every detail! thanks!
output: distance between countertop and hood. would you be able to tell me the distance between the countertop and the hood, as well as the distance from the wall to the edge of the hood. thanks

input: would you be able to tell me the variety of your soapstone countertops,as well as the source .
target: what is the variety of soapstone countertops and source? would you be able to tell me the variety of your soapstone countertops,as well as the source . they are lovely. and i really like what you did with the backsplash to compliment the counters. thanks!
output: what is the variety of soapstone countertops and source? would you be able to tell me the variety of your soapstone countertops, as well as the source. thanks

input: island stone.
target: i love the backsplash color. island stone. boulevard series, breeze co
output: island stone. love the island! what is the color/stain?

input: what is the ceiling height and width of crown?
target: what is the ceiling height and width of crown? i have a similar size range wall and love this hood ca and cabinet combo! beautiful kitchen!
output: what is the ceiling height and width of crown? i love this! what is the ceiling height and width of crown? thanks

input: would you kindly tell me what is the brand and style of the hardware?
target: hardware . would you kindly tell me what is the brand and style of the hardware? your projects are classically beautiful.
output: hardware. would you kindly tell me what is the brand and style of the hardware? thanks

input: hi, i was wondering where the backsplash tile was from?
target: tile? hi, i was wondering where the backsplash tile was from? thanks! beautiful kitchen :)
output: backsplash tile? hi, i was wondering where the backsplash tile was from? thanks

input: i live in the chicago area and would love to know where this soapstone came from.
target: where did you get this beautiful soapstone? i live in the chicago area and would love to know where this soapstone came from. thank you so much!
output: where did you get this soapstone? i live in the chicago area and would love to know where this soapstone came from. thanks

input: have they been treated with any wax or oil?
target: what kind of soapstone is this? has it been treated? i love the soapstone counters, mostly because they are not as dark as those i usually see. have they been treated with any wax or oil?
output: cabinets. what is the brand of cabinets? have they been treated with any wax or oil?

input: what is the length used by the side by side ovens?
target: side by side ovens . what is the length used by the side by side ovens? how much lower cabinets space is needed?
output: what is the length used by the side by side ovens? this is a beautiful kitchen! i love everything about it!

input: what type of stone is on the counters?
target: countertops . what type of stone is on the counters? love light fixtures too. who makes them? thanks
output: countertops. what type of stone is on the counters? thanks

input: could you tell me the dimensions of the island?
target: island dimensions? could you tell me the dimensions of the island? thanks!
output: dimensions. could you tell me the dimensions of the island? thank you!

input: where are they from?
target: pendant lights . beautiful pendant lights. where are they from? thank you
output: chandeliers. where are they from? chandeliers?

input: three kids and an all white kitchen?
target: 3 kids? three kids and an all white kitchen? what are they thinking???
output: what is the kitchen? three kids and an all white kitchen? what is the kitchen color?

input: where can i order them?
target: love the chairs. where are they from? i am looking for white swivel counter.height chairs with upholstered seats. these really fit the bill! where can i order them?
output: love the chairs. where can i order them? thanks

input: do you have a source for that you can share?
target: metal trim on trash cabinet . i’ve noticed that on all of your trash cabinets you have a nice metal trim piece to protect the cabinet. do you have a source for that you can share? i’d love to add that to my own kitchen.
output: love the cabinet door. what is the style of the cabinet door? do you have a source for that you can share? thank you!

input: what brand vent did you use under hood?
target: range hood . what brand vent did you use under hood? depth?
output: hood. what brand vent did you use under hood? thank you

input: can i purchase these wingback dining chairs or are they custom?
target: wing dining chairs . can i purchase these wingback dining chairs or are they custom? thanks
output: wing dining chairs. can i purchase these wingback dining chairs or are they custom? thank you!

input: where has the community been?
target: where has the community been? searching for 1 year . i have been searching for a year for a double stainless sink with a low divide which did not exist,. people talking me in getting it custom for over $3k or talking me out of a double sink. where have you been? its too late now and i am sorry about it. looks like a great stainless custom company.
output: where has the community been? i love this kitchen! i'm in love with this. it is a beautiful feel.

input: may i ask who did the custom sink?
target: may i ask who did the custom sink? also, what are it’s dimensions? wonderful kitchen! thank you for sharing these images. i am inspired so greatly.
output: may i ask who did the custom sink? thank you. this kitchen is amazing! thank you. may i ask who did the custom sink? thank you!

input: can you tell me how far off the stove that the hood is placed?
target: love the tile up to the hood! can you tell me how far off the stove that the hood is placed? it looks like the perfect height. thank you
output: can you tell me how far off the stove that the hood is placed? i have a similar range and am planning on using it in my kitchen. i have a range and i want to do it in my kitchen. this is a beautiful kitchen.

input: hi, could you tell me what kind of wood and stain color was used for the tall cabinets shown on the back left side of this photo.
target: tall cabinets . hi, could you tell me what kind of wood and stain color was used for the tall cabinets shown on the back left side of this photo. they are beautiful !!
output: tall cabinets. hi, could you tell me what kind of wood and stain color was used for the tall cabinets shown on the back left side of this photo. thank you.

input: what is the wood andamp.
target: floors . what is the wood andamp. stain?
output: what is the wood andamp. what is the wood andamp. stain? thanks

input: love the windows, do u know the brand?
target: love the windows, do u know the brand? looking for an energy efficient wall of windows in same configuration. do the windows open? thanks so much!
output: love the windows, do u know the brand? thanks!

input: what are the dimensions of the table and can you tell me anything about how it is supported.
target: love the table attached to the island! what are the dimensions of the table and can you tell me anything about how it is supported. we are considering something similar but want to be sure we support it correctly. thanks so much!
output: what are the dimensions of the table and can you tell me anything about how it is supported. i have a similar plan and i want to do it in my kitchen. what are the dimensions of the table and can you tell me anything about how it is supported. thanks

input: please email details for faucets .what finish?what brand and style?
target: faucet information please . please email details for faucets .what finish?what brand and style? also with satin finish for granite is it still sealed? does it show fingerprints? thanks
output: faucets. what finish? what brand and style? thanks!

input: might you have a recommendation?
target: cheryl scruggs, dallas, texas . hi linda, your work is stunning! i need to keep my cabinets a little lighter than sw 7514 as my space is much smaller than this kitchen and dark. might you have a recommendation?
output: i love the cabinet door. hi there, i'm in love with this cabinet door. might you have a recommendation?

input: i was wondering if your pictures could be uploaded in my website to give my customers ideas?
target: own business . i'm opening my own kitchen and bath design business. i was wondering if your pictures could be uploaded in my website to give my customers ideas?
output: i was wondering if your pictures could be uploaded in my website to give my customers ideas? i love the pendants and the pendants. thank you!

input: i'm certain i can't afford them but could you at least avail me of the original purpose?
target: what were vintage bar stools created from? this looks like some kind of machinery with a marble/granite seat appended and i just can't place it. i'm certain i can't afford them but could you at least avail me of the original purpose? thanks much!
output: what are the dimensions of these pantry doors? i'm certain i can't afford them but could you at least avail me of the original purpose? thank you.

input: can i ask you the profile of the perimeter countertop?
target: profile of the countertop . can i ask you the profile of the perimeter countertop? btw, i am inspired by your work all the time.
output: what is the profile of the countertop? can i ask you the profile of the perimeter countertop? is it a profile profile? thanks

input: is the wall color the same as the island color?
target: wall color . is the wall color the same as the island color? if not could you please tell me.
output: wall color. is the wall color the same as the island color? what is the name of this room?

input: the problem that i'm facing is my master bedroom furniture is dark cherry wood and i have no clue what to do with paint, carpet, add on, etc.
target: colour scheme for dark cherry wood . i am moving into a new home. and my colour scheme for majority of my home is black, white, grey, light and dark purple, with turquoise. the problem that i'm facing is my master bedroom furniture is dark cherry wood and i have no clue what to do with paint, carpet, add on, etc. please help
output: what is the paint color on the walls? the problem that i'm facing is my master bedroom furniture is dark cherry wood and i have no clue what to do with paint, carpet, add on, etc. thank you!

input: also, what is the stain color used on your picture of the door?
target: ceiling. the darker beams with the lighter wood pieces. colors or stains. it is me from texas again. trying to recreate your awesome ceiling. you have been so sweet to answer questions. is the sw urbane bronze the paint of the larger beams. no stain? and burnt hickory is color of the stain of the lighter pieces. the tounge and groove part? also, what is the stain color used on your picture of the door? thanks soon much!
output: what is the stain color on the door? also, what is the stain color used on your picture of the door? it looks like it matches the wood frame of the door.

input: i see you listed the name for the lighter color on the ceiling but what is the stain for the dark beams?
target: the darker beams? amazing!!!!! love what you have done. i see you listed the name for the lighter color on the ceiling but what is the stain for the dark beams? building a house in dallas texas!
output: what is the stain on ceiling? i see you listed the name for the lighter color on the ceiling but what is the stain for the dark beams?

input: what is the stain color?
target: ceiling beams stain? i like the coolness of the lighter colored ceiling beams. what is the stain color? many thanks!
output: what is the stain color? love the wood floors. what is the stain color?

input: how can anyone be so creative?
target: breathtaking! breathtaking. how can anyone be so creative?
output: how can anyone be so creative? i have a client that wants to do a similar look. i have a client that wants to do a similar look.

input: would love it in my kitchen.
target: i love the paint color! would love it in my kitchen. brand and color please!! thanks
output: would love it in my kitchen. i'm planning on doing a similar look in my kitchen. i'm planning on doing something like this.

input: what is the color used on the walls?
target: beautiful!!!! absolutely stunning! what is the color used on the walls?
output: what is the color used on the walls? this is a beautiful kitchen. what is the color used on the walls?

input: where did you get the pendants?
target: pendants . where did you get the pendants? make?
output: where did you get the pendants? love them! where can i get them?

input: what type of material is this countertop, please?
target: countertop material . what type of material is this countertop, please? i like the matte finish in contrast to the island's shiny surface.
output: countertop material. what type of material is this countertop, please? thank you!

input: can you tell me brand and color of cabinet hardware?
target: cabinet hardware . this is a fantastic kitchen! can you tell me brand and color of cabinet hardware? thank you!
output: cabinet hardware. can you tell me brand and color of cabinet hardware? thank you!

input: can you share the brand and source of the large pedants above island?
target: can you share the brand and source of the large pedants above island? love these light fixtures. great remodel!
output: can you share the brand and source of the large pedants above island? i love this kitchen! thank you!

input: did you paint the cabinets that were there?
target: kitchen island . beautiful kitchen. did you paint the cabinets that were there? i would also like to know the measurements of the island in feet if possible. thank you
output: cabinets. did you paint the cabinets that were there? thank you!

input: is there a z frame on the back or any suggestions on the backside?
target: pantry door question . how have the pantry doors held up in regard to warping? do you know how this is mounted so it can be replicated? is there a z frame on the back or any suggestions on the backside?
output: where did you get the z frame? is there a z frame on the back or any suggestions on the backside? i'm in the middle of my kitchen and am trying to figure out if this is a good idea for my new house. thanks!

input: how big is the opening of the door?
target: door size . how big is the opening of the door? thanks.
output: how big is the opening of the door? how big is the opening of the door? thanks

input: we are building a similar pantry and out builder and cabinet company are having a really hard time figuring out what type of hinge.
target: hinges . what type of hinges are used for the pantry doors to open in? we are building a similar pantry and out builder and cabinet company are having a really hard time figuring out what type of hinge. thank you so much for your help!
output: what type of hinges are those? we are building a similar pantry and out builder and cabinet company are having a really hard time figuring out what type of hinge. thanks!

input: how are they mounted, in that it doesn't appear to me to be a conventional door frame?
target: i'd like to ask about the pantry doors . how are they mounted, in that it doesn't appear to me to be a conventional door frame? are they top and bottom cabinet doors joined somehow? could this be accomplished with stock, but nice quality, cabinets? really like that look.and would appreciate a reply.
output: how are they mounted, in that it doesn't appear to me to be a conventional door frame? i'm wondering if you're a painter or should i be a painter. thanks!

input: monochromatic all white and or same shade of stain for floor and cabinets?
target: if the cabinets are dark stain then the floor is lighter stain? likeit . creating a very small open concept kitchen. would this color scheme work for me or is the best choice. monochromatic all white and or same shade of stain for floor and cabinets? confused on creating a vision of space .
output: what is the stain on the cabinets? this is a beautiful kitchen! ! ! what is the stain color? what is the stain color? what is the stain color? what is the stain color? what is the stain color? what is the stain color? what is the stain color? what is the stain color color?

input: curious to know who made the cabinets.
target: so beautiful. curious to know who made the cabinets. such a fresh look!
output: cabinets. curious to know who made the cabinets. i love the cabinets. where can i get them?

input: where did you source the hanging/suspended shelves?
target: hanging glass and brass shelves? congratulations on a beautiful design! where did you source the hanging/suspended shelves? thank you.
output: hanging shelves. where did you source the hanging/suspended shelves? they are perfect!

input: if you wouldn’t mind sharing the dimensions of the hood, i’d be most appreciative.also, are the vertical strips in chrome or stainless?
target: can you please share the dimensions of the hood? you have been incredibly gracious in answering everyone’s questions and sharing your resources.thank you. this kitchen, by far is a favorite amongst us houzz viewers and deserves all of the accolades! i’ve tried to find an answer to this question but i’m not sure it’s been asked. if you wouldn’t mind sharing the dimensions of the hood, i’d be most appreciative.also, are the vertical strips in chrome or stainless? happy new year!
output: dimensions of hood. this is a beautiful kitchen! thank you!

input: what is the size of the island?
target: beautiful kitchen! what is the size of the island? i'm considering three of the same light fixtures for my very long 13.5' x 3.5' island. i have 9' ceilings. the exact dimensions of these lights are 15" x 25.75". thank you for any insight you can provide as this is the best visual i can use to plan for my new space!
output: what is the size of the island? i love this! what is the size of the island? thanks

input: what is the brand and model of that faucet?
target: what is the brand and model of that faucet? what is the brand and model of faucet here? i love *everything* about this kitchen! it's gorgeous but also looks like someone could actually live here and enjoy the space. beautiful job!
output: faucet. what is the brand and model of that faucet? thanks

input: lantern pendants over island in kitchen, what is the brand?
target: what is the brand of the lantern pendants over the island? lantern pendants over island in kitchen, what is the brand? or at least the descriptor?
output: lantern pendants over island in kitchen, what is the brand? lantern pendants over island in kitchen, what is the brand? thank you!

input: what brand and style is the cabinet hardware?
target: cabinet hardware . what brand and style is the cabinet hardware? thank you! beautiful kitchen!
output: cabinet hardware. what brand and style is the cabinet hardware? thanks

input: what color was used on the white cabinetry?
target: cabinet color . breathtaking kitchen! what color was used on the white cabinetry?
output: cabinetry. what color was used on the white cabinetry? it's beautiful!

input: what is it?
target: beautiful island countertop. what is it? need to know the brand and the style of the countertop
output: love the flooring! what is it? what is it?

input: who makes it?
target: stunning hood!! who makes it? thank you
output: love the pendant. who makes it? thanks

input: any suggestions?
target: i have a smaller space for my pantry, any suggestions./ . i have a smaller space for my pantry. any suggestions?
output: i have a client that wants something similar. any suggestions?

input: did you start with any base cabinets and build off?
target: base cabinets? did you start with any base cabinets and build off? where did you get the shelving that is adjustable? beautiful use of space!
output: base cabinets. did you start with any base cabinets and build off? what are the dimensions of this kitchen? thanks!

input: how deep is this pantry?
target: how deep is this pantry? love the look of the pantry in first photo. how deep is it?
output: how deep is this pantry? how deep is this pantry? thanks.

input: are the shelves on the far right anchored to the wall at all?
target: pocket doors with shelving . are the shelves on the far right anchored to the wall at all? i'm wondering because it seems like the screws would get in the way of the pocket door and either scratch it up or keep it from opening all the way.
output: what are the shelves on the far right anchored to the wall at all? what is the name of this? what is the name of the space between the shelves?

input: what is the time to do this job and a very rough estimate of the work .
target: what is the time to do this job and a very rough estimate of the work . closet in my kitchen that looks to roughly about the size of your pic, i am interest in getting something just like your picture but if possible would really appreciate a very rough estimate to do the job, and the turnaround time. also to have the outlet installed would i be the one to get an electrician/ please any and all information would be greatly appreciated. thank you
output: what is the time to do this job and a very rough estimate of the work. i love the pendant lights! what is the name of them? thank you!

input: is there any electrical outlets within?
target: is there any electrical outlets within? location of the kitchen? i like the use of a butler's pantry, along with using this space for food prep. it would be nice to have power to use the small appliances, and to have a sink for clean up.
output: is there any electrical outlets within? i love this kitchen! i'm in love with this layout and i'm trying to figure out if this is a good fit for my new kitchen. i'm guessing it is a 36" wide range.

input: still would like to know where to buy the shelving.
target: pantry shelves . i love this pantry. where did you purchase the curved corner shelves? my pantry is 48" wide x 24" deep. i would ask for design assistance but i am in minnesota. still would like to know where to buy the shelving. thanks!
output: pantry shelves. i am planning on buying a pantry pantry. still would like to know where to buy the shelving. thanks

input: are the baskets on rollers and do they pull out to take to the kitchen counter.
target: basket drawers . are the baskets on rollers and do they pull out to take to the kitchen counter. what is the dimension. where can i buy them?
output: basket handles. are the baskets on rollers and do they pull out to take to the kitchen counter. what are the handles? what are the dimensions?

input: are there any blueprints that can be purchased so that it could be built?
target: i need extra space in my kitchen and this pantry would be a great addition. i would have to have someone build it in for me. are there any blueprints that can be purchased so that it could be built?
output: i love the chair! are there any blueprints that can be purchased so that it could be built? thank you!

input: are they stained a specific color?
target: i love these wood floors! what kind of wood is it? are they stained a specific color? .julie
output: cabinets. are they stained a specific color? what is the stain?

input: any thoughts on how to best organize this space .
target: my pantry is in the sloped side of an a . frame . any thoughts on how to best organize this space . it is accessible by a single door. the space is about 10 ft long 3 ft wide at the bottom
output: any thoughts on how to best organize this space. i have a client that wants this space. i have a client that wants this space.

input: do you think this beautiful and functional pantry would be possible to build and still look great and be functional if it was only 36 inches deep?
target: do you think this beautiful and functional pantry would be possible to build and still look great and be functional if it was only 36 inches deep? i have a small, u.shaped, 12 x 12 kitchen and hate to encroach into the room any more than necessary. but, i do love this piece. i wouldn't need any drawers!
output: what is the depth of the pantry? do you think this beautiful and functional pantry would be possible to build and still look great and be functional if it was only 36 inches deep?

input: where is the kitchen island from?
target: island . where is the kitchen island from? is it custom built?
output: where is the kitchen island from? what is the name of it? what is the name of it?

input: where did you find it?
target: lighting . love the light. where did you find it?
output: love the chair. where did you find it? thanks

input: either way, does anyone know where i can get some of it?
target: tile . i read on one of the other posts that this mizu tile is discontinued. does anyone know if that is true? either way, does anyone know where i can get some of it? i absolutely love it and cannot find it anywhere. thanks in advance for the help!
output: table. i am am looking for a table like this. is it a table? what is the size of the table? either way, does anyone know where i can get some of it?

input: was there soffit above the sink that was taken out?
target: was the window there or part of the design. love it. was there soffit above the sink that was taken out?
output: was there soffit above the sink that was taken out? love it! thank you!

input: what is the backsplash tile (not walker zanger)?
target: what is the backsplash tile (not walker zanger)? this tile is not walker zanger mizu pebble. my tile expert in santa barbara says he has all their samples, and this is not made by them. whose makes the backsplash tile? i'd like to know asap, as we are starting our remodel soon and want to be sure it's still available.
output: backsplash. what is the backsplash tile(not walker zanger) ? thanks!

input: is it painted or stained and exact color and manufacturer if possible.
target: beautiful kitchen! love, love, love it! does anyone know the color of the island? is it painted or stained and exact color and manufacturer if possible. thank you!
output: is it painted or stained and exact color and manufacturer if possible. i love the pendant lights! this is a beautiful kitchen!

input: can you tell me the name of the custom cabinet company.
target: can you tell me the name of the custom cabinet company. i live in the sf bay atea. thank you.
output: can you tell me the name of the custom cabinet company. i love the cabinetry done here. can you tell me the name of the custom cabinet company. thank you

input: hello.would you happen to know the name of the paint color on the cabinets?
target: hello.would you happen to know the name of the paint color on the cabinets? beautiful kitchen. thanks!
output: paint color. hello. would you happen to know the name of the paint color on the cabinets? thank you!

input: what is the price tag on a kitchen like this but about 1/2 the size?
target: what is the price tag on a kitchen like this but about 1/2 the size? i am in need of remodeling my mother's kitchen and wonder if this is even possible. do you work in the fresno area?
output: what is the price tag on a kitchen like this but about 1/2 the size? i want to do something similar in my kitchen. what is the price tag on a kitchen like this but about 1/2 the size?

input: is it common to match your prep sink faucet with your main faucet?
target: can you please tell me the manufacturer of that sink faucet? source? is it common to match your prep sink faucet with your main faucet? thanks!
output: prep sink. is it common to match your prep sink faucet with your main faucet? i'm guessing your will be a 6' " wide wide.

input: can you tell me the color you put for the bath backsplash?
target: what is the name of the subway tile and color? can you tell me the color you put for the bath backsplash? thank you.
output: can you tell me the color you put for the bath backsplash? i love this kitchen! thank you!

input: please let me know where i can purchase the cabinet handles.
target: love the handles . please let me know where i can purchase the cabinet handles. i'm i able to buy them directly through you? thanks so much.
output: handles. please let me know where i can purchase the cabinet handles. thank you.

input: also, what did you use to finish it off?
target: subway tile selection . that subway tile has a very nice glimmer to it. is that glass tile or typical ceramic? also, what did you use to finish it off? that little thin strip on the tulip of the birch pattern in the little section between the cabinets. thanks!
output: cabinet door. what is the door that is installed behind the stove? also, what did you use to finish it off? thank you!

input: could you please tell me where you purchased the pendants over the island.
target: kitchen island lights . could you please tell me where you purchased the pendants over the island. thank you.
output: pendants. could you please tell me where you purchased the pendants over the island. thank you

input: could you tell me about the tile used over the stove?
target: kitchen tile . could you tell me about the tile used over the stove? thank you!
output: tile. could you tell me about the tile used over the stove? thank you!

input: can you please tell me the dimensions of the island?
target: can you please tell me the dimensions of the island? incl. overhang?
output: dimensions. can you please tell me the dimensions of the island? thank you!

input: could you please tell me what type floors these are?
target: floor . could you please tell me what type floors these are? i love them!
output: floors. could you please tell me what type floors these are? thank you!

input: can you please tell me the color used on the island?
target: island cabinet color . can you please tell me the color used on the island? thank you!
output: island color. can you please tell me the color used on the island? thank you

input: what material / name is the counter?
target: love the counter. what material / name is the counter? thanks!
output: counter material. what material/name is the counter? thank you!

input: how many different size pulls did you use in this project?
target: pulls . how many different size pulls did you use in this project? how did you decide which size to use? struggling with this in my own kitchen. so gorgeous!!
output: how many different different size pulls did you use in this project? how many different size pulls did you use in this project? how many different different size pulls? i'm trying to figure out if that will work in my kitchen. thanks!

input: im wondering how hygienic is this?
target: sanitary and hygienic standards . im wondering how hygienic is this? cutting up food over the garbage area.not very healthy to me.
output: island dimensions. im wondering how hygienic is this? thank you.

input: where did the garbage/chopping block pullout come from?
target: where did the garbage/chopping block pullout come from? custom? i'd like some info on the chopping block and garbage pullout hardware. was it an insert purchased by the homeowner or custom built for this space. if there's a website for these items that would be appreciated. thanks!
output: where did the garbage/chopping block pullout come from? i love this kitchen! i'm in love with it!

input: was the trash/bread board accessory from the cabinet manufacturer?
target: was the trash/bread board accessory from the cabinet manufacturer? i'm using decora cabinetry and it does not have the "hole in the cutting board" option. i'm hoping yours was from a 3rd party vendor. any information would be appreciated. thank you!
output: was the trash/bread board accessory from the cabinet manufacturer? i'm in love with this kitchen! it's gorgeous!

input: is there a benefit to using the 4” backsplash that’s the same as the counter, rather than just using the subway tile?
target: why the 4” countertop backsplash? is there a benefit to using the 4” backsplash that’s the same as the counter, rather than just using the subway tile? does it perform better? more functional?
output: backsplash. is there a benefit to using the 4”backsplash that’s the same as the counter, rather than just using the subway tile? i love this kitchen!

input: would like to know what the countertop manufacturer and style is.
target: jpmommy . would like to know what the countertop manufacturer and style is. interesting in using this in my kitchen.
output: what is the countertop manufacturer and style is. would like to know what the countertop manufacturer and style is. thank you

input: could you tell me how wide the cupboards/counter segments beside the range are?
target: cupboard beside range . could you tell me how wide the cupboards/counter segments beside the range are? thanks
output: cupboards. could you tell me how wide the cupboards/counter segments beside the range are? thanks!

input: distance from countertop to botton of micro.would this work for me?
target: am 5"2" would i be able to use micro!? would like to put micro over counter as shown. no stove below. distance from countertop to botton of micro.would this work for me?
output: distance from countertop to botton of micro. would this work for me? thanks!

input: what wood and stain color make up the cabinets?
target: what wood and stain color make up the cabinets? love the look! perfect blend of traditional and modern.
output: what wood and stain color make up the cabinets? i'm trying to see if i can achieve this look. thanks!

input: who is the cabinet island manufacturer and floor manufacturer?
target: who is the cabinet island manufacturer and floor manufacturer? i would like to know the color of both as well. and, is the floor hardwood or laminate.
output: who is the cabinet island manufacturer and floor manufacturer? beautiful! who is the cabinet island manufacturer and floor manufacturer? thank you!

input: could you please tell me the size of the island.
target: kitchen island . could you please tell me the size of the island. i have a very similar sized kitchen and always thought it was too narrow for an island.
output: i love this kitchen! could you please tell me the size of the island. thank you!

input: could you tall me the name, brand of the refrigerator.
target: refrigerator . could you tall me the name, brand of the refrigerator. is it counter depth? beautiful kitchen!
output: could you tall me the name, brand of the refrigerator. thank you. i have a great idea on this kitchen. thank you.

input: what is the name and brand of the color gray on the cabinets?
target: what is the name and brand of the color gray on the cabinets? love the warmth of the gray tone. great kitchen!
output: what is the name and brand of the color gray on the cabinets? i love this kitchen! what is the name and brand of the color gray on the cabinets?

input: what brand is the faucet?
target: faucet . what brand is the faucet? thank you
output: faucet. what brand is the faucet? thanks

input: do you happen to know the color on the cabinets?
target: do you happen to know the color on the cabinets? love! cabinets
output: cabinets. do you happen to know the color on the cabinets? i love the tone of this color.

input: please share who makes them backsplash.
target: gorgeous. please share who makes them backsplash. it’s stunning!
output: who makes the backsplash. please share who makes them backsplash. thanks

input: if i may ask, where is the refrigerator?
target: beautiful! if i may ask, where is the refrigerator? thank you.
output: refrigerator. if i may ask, where is the refrigerator? thank you!

input: what kind of tile was used for the backsplash?
target: backsplash . greetings. what kind of tile was used for the backsplash? thanks in advance!
output: backsplash. what kind of tile was used for the backsplash? it looks like it's glass or glass.

input: where can i find the granite and is it expensive?
target: i like the granite of the counter top. what is the name of it . where can i find the granite and is it expensive? thank you! nadia
output: where can i find the granite and is it expensive? i love the granite on the walls and backsplash. i love it!

input: i was wondering who did the cabinetry for you?
target: stunning! this is breathtaking. i love it. i was wondering who did the cabinetry for you? thank you!
output: cabinetry. i was wondering who did the cabinetry for you? thank you!

input: i’m wondering, are colored painted bathroom cabinets too farm house style?
target: too farm house style? my house was built in 1991 and is contemporary style. we bought it chiefly for the location. waterfront with an amazing view. the house is fraught with difficult decorating issues, and i have been chipping away at it for the 20 years we have lived here, with resale value in the back of my mind. right now i am updating the bathrooms. i’m wondering, are colored painted bathroom cabinets too farm house style? they are currently painted white and in good condition, but i don’t like the all white look
output: what type of wood cabinets are these? i’m wondering, are colored painted bathroom cabinets too farm house style? i love this kitchen!

input: what is the flooring and can you provide product details?
target: homeowner in cleveland . what is the flooring and can you provide product details? beautiful job!
output: flooring. what is the flooring and can you provide product details? thanks

input: what kind of marble is it?
target: countertop . love the look of this counter top! what kind of marble is it?
output: countertop. what kind of marble is it? thank you

input: if tile, who makes it?
target: what is the flooring? is it wood? or tile? if tile, who makes it?
output: faucet. is that a hot hot iron? if tile, who makes it? thanks!

input: these lights are so gorgeous, i searched all fixtures on build.com and did not see them, are they custom?
target: where did you find the pendant lights? are they custom? these lights are so gorgeous, i searched all fixtures on build.com and did not see them, are they custom? they would be perfect for my newly renovated space. thank you so much.
output: lights. these lights are so gorgeous, i searched all fixtures on build. com and did not see them, are they custom? they are beautiful!

input: who makes cabinet pulls and brass table legs?
target: gorgeous! who makes cabinet pulls and brass table legs? thanks!
output: who makes cabinet pulls and brass table legs? who makes cabinet pulls and brass table legs? i'm in love with this kitchen!

input: love to know where the brass island legs are from.
target: the brass island leg supports? custom made or? amazing detail! love to know where the brass island legs are from. thanks!
output: brass island legs. love to know where the brass island legs are from. thanks

input: wondering if you can provide the color of the cabinets?
target: color of the cabinets? wondering if you can provide the color of the cabinets? thank you :)
output: cabinets. wondering if you can provide the color of the cabinets? thank you!

input: who makes these stools?
target: who makes these stools? gorgeous! stools
output: stools. who makes these stools? thanks

input: care to share the source?
target: love the rug! where can i get it? i love this rug. i’ve been looking for one to coordinates with one i already have. care to share the source? gorgeous choice for this space
output: love the rug! where is the rug? where can i get it? love the rug. where did you get it? i'm building a house and i want it in my new home. i'm planning on doing something similar. what is the cost? what is the cost? what is the cost of the rug? what is the cost of the rug. what is the cost?

input: can you please tell me what the beige wall color is?
target: beautiful room! can you please tell me what the beige wall color is? name of wall color
output: wall color. can you please tell me what the beige wall color is? thank you!

input: i'm getting new counters and will have a similar situation but i can't envision how the 2" pieces on the outside of the column are seamed.
target: counter top seams at column . how was this counter top seamed with the column? i'm getting new counters and will have a similar situation but i can't envision how the 2" pieces on the outside of the column are seamed. i don't want a bunch of small seams. and i would think that those pieces would be fragile. thanks
output: what are the pieces of countertop? i'm getting new counters and will have a similar situation but i can't envision how the 2" pieces on the outside of the column are seamed. thanks!

input: any suggestions on how to achieve this look while still having the necessary strength.
target: weathered beams . we are looking for weathered beams like this but we also need them to be true support beams. any suggestions on how to achieve this look while still having the necessary strength. thank you!
output: any suggestions on how to achieve this look while still having the necessary strength. i have a similar plan and am trying to achieve this look. i have a similar plan and i am trying to achieve this look. thank you!

input: what is the ceiling height here?
target: ceiling difficulties . what is the ceiling height here? we have a ranch home that we are getting ready to use this same layout on but are limited by 8 foot ceilings. thanks! jennifer
output: ceiling. what is the ceiling height here? thanks

input: could you please share it with me?
target: love the cabinet color. could you please share it with me? i want green cabinets andamp. our home is under const. can you please share the color?
output: i love the wood countertop. could you please share it with me? thank you!

input: what are those countertops called?
target: countertops . what are those countertops called? are they laminate?
output: what are those countertops called? what are those countertops called? thank you!

input: could you give details on the faucet?
target: homeowner . could you give details on the faucet? love the slimmed look.
output: could you give details on the faucet? thanks. it's beautiful!

input: who built the kitchen cabinets?
target: who built the kitchen cabinets? looking for a local cabinet builder with this shaker look in mind. they are beautiful!
output: who built the kitchen cabinets? they are beautiful! thank you!

input: what brand and color of stain was used?
target: stain . what kind of wood is the floor? what brand and color of stain was used?
output: what brand and color of stain was used? it's beautiful!

input: where did you get it from?
target: what kind of soapstone? where did you get it from? minas? barroca?
output: love the chair. where did you get it from? thank you!

input: style, color, price and manufacturer?
target: window treatment . the door or window treatment in background. style, color, price and manufacturer? we have a home on a bay on the sea of cortez with 66 panes or should i say pains of glass. and some are in need of treatments.
output: style, color, price and manufacturer? what is the price and manufacturer? beautiful!

input: can a flat top roof of this era be lifted or replaced to open the ceilings up?
target: flat top roof . i'm planning on buying a 1950s northern california flat top pearson home. the bank will not finance to others due to the ceilings are too short. can a flat top roof of this era be lifted or replaced to open the ceilings up?
output: flat top roof. can a flat top roof of this era be lifted or replaced to open the ceilings up? thank you!

input: what is the wood of flooring?
target: flooring? awesome view, comfortable design. what is the wood of flooring? red cedar again? thanks.
output: what is the wood of flooring? is it wood or engineered? what is the wood of flooring?

input: where did you buy those lights?
target: lights . where did you buy those lights? and how much were they?
output: lights. where did you buy those lights? they are beautiful!

input: what was used?
target: table finish . i love the finish on the wood table. what was used? thanks
output: love the pendants! what was used? thank you!

input: what is source or brand of these stools.
target: what is source or brand of these stools. exact ones! i really would like to find these. not similar, but these!
output: stools. what is source or brand of these stools. thank you

input: where are the bar stools from?
target: bar stools . love this kitchen! where are the bar stools from?
output: where are the bar stools from? love the bar stools. where can i find them?

input: can you tell me what the island cabinet color is .
target: island cabinet color ? can you tell me what the island cabinet color is . love it . in the process of planning a kitchen remodel. thank you
output: can you tell me what the island cabinet color is. i love this kitchen. can you tell me what the island cabinet color is. thank you

input: what thickness is the island countertop?
target: what thickness is the island countertop? how about the main counter? we are remodeling our kitchen and we love the look of a thick countertop. we are being told by are designer not to go thicker that 1.1/4" but we are not sure that will give us the desired look. any information would help, thanks.
output: what thickness is the island countertop? what thickness is the island countertop? what is the dimension?

input: would the look work too if all cabinets were grey?
target: what is the flooring? and color of the grey cabinets? love the whole look! would the look work too if all cabinets were grey?
output: what is the paint colour. would the look work too if all cabinets were grey? thank you!

input: i know there is a showroom in austin, tx but cannot get there.
target: where to buy this exact countertop . where can i buy this countertop in tx. i know there is a showroom in austin, tx but cannot get there. is there another way to buy.
output: where is the cabinet in the kitchen? i know there is a showroom in austin, tx but cannot get there. thanks

input: would love to get the manufactorer and color information for it.
target: hardwood . is this hardwood or lvp? would love to get the manufactorer and color information for it. thand you!
output: what is the color of the cabinets? would love to get the manufactorer and color information for it. thanks

input: where did you find the mirror and the sconces?
target: where did you find the mirror and the sconces? love this bathroom look! i just ordered delta champagne bronze plumbing fixtures for my master bathroom and want to get a mirror and sconces that mesh well. i'd love to know the ones you used, if you don't mind sharing.
output: where did you find the mirror and the sconces? love it! where did you find the mirror and the sconces?

input: what size are the sinks, where did you buy them and what is the measurement of your vanity across ?
target: where did you find the sinks, i am deperate to find small sinks!! i need to fit two sinks into a 48" vanity, this week, and i am having alot of trouble! please help. what size are the sinks, where did you buy them and what is the measurement of your vanity across ?
output: what size are the sinks, where did you buy them and what is the measurement of your vanity across? i'm guessing this is the exact size you used for the sinks.

input: what is the paint color on all of the cabinets?
target: what is the paint color on all of the cabinets? i have looked through all of the pictures and haven't been able to determine the paint color on all of the cabinets. would you mind sharing? thank you!
output: what is the paint color on all of the cabinets? i love this! what is the paint color on all of the cabinets?

input: i am a designer trying to match delta champagne bronze plumbing fixtures' finish to the shower door hinges and frames.
target: what is and how did you match the plumbing hardware to shower hardwar . i am a designer trying to match delta champagne bronze plumbing fixtures' finish to the shower door hinges and frames. how did you match your plumbing so well with the shower hardware?
output: i am a designer trying to match delta champagne bronze plumbing fixtures' finish to the shower door hinges and frames. i am a designer trying to match delta champagne bronze plumbing fixtures' finish to the shower door hinges and frames. what is the finish on the door.

input: could you tell me where the stools are from please.
target: stools . hello great apartment. could you tell me where the stools are from please.
output: stools. could you tell me where the stools are from please. thank you

input: could you please tell me the info on the pendants?
target: pendants? love the look of this kitchen. could you please tell me the info on the pendants? thank you in advance.
output: pendants. could you please tell me the info on the pendants? thank you!

input: what colors are in backsplash?
target: what colors are in backsplash? my tiles look similar grey,rust on beige. i have a marble grey kitchen table and brown maple colour cupboards. bored and needed to change the cupboard color. grey looks good but not sure can paint the mdf boards
output: what colors are in backsplash? i'm trying to decide if my cabinets go white or white. i'm trying to decide which colors to go with.

input: is this a separate cooktop and oven or a combined range?
target: what is included in the cooktop/range? is that a warming drawer on top of the oven? is this a separate cooktop and oven or a combined range?
output: is this a separate cooktop and oven or a combined range? what is the height of the range? is this a separate cooktop and oven or a combined range?

input: i see you say from emtek, but wondering if you know exact style?
target: pulls and knobs . can you tell me the style number of the pulls and knobs? i see you say from emtek, but wondering if you know exact style?
output: pulls. i see you say from emtek, but wondering if you know exact style? i see you say from emtek, but wondering if you know exact style? thanks!

input: i can’t seem to find it anywhere in toronto.
target: backsplash tile . i lovee the backsplash!! i can’t seem to find it anywhere in toronto. do you know where i could buy it from?? thanks!
output: where is the cabinet? i can’t seem to find it anywhere in toronto. what is the name of the cabinet?

input: i have what looks to be a similar size but i won't be able to reach anything at the top of the cabinet!
target: ceiling height? can you tell me the height of the ceiling please? i have what looks to be a similar size but i won't be able to reach anything at the top of the cabinet!
output: what size is the cabinet? i have what looks to be a similar size but i won't be able to reach anything at the top of the cabinet! i am going to have a similar size for my kitchen!

input: are you able to share the cabinet color?
target: cabinet color . are you able to share the cabinet color? beautiful!
output: cabinet color. are you able to share the cabinet color? thank you!

input: hi, can you tell me what handles and pulls were used in this kitchen?
target: handles and pulls . hi, can you tell me what handles and pulls were used in this kitchen? thanks
output: handles and pulls. hi, can you tell me what handles and pulls were used in this kitchen? thank you!

input: what kind of countertop is it?
target: countertop . love the combination of the cabinets with the countertops. what kind of countertop is it?
output: what kind of countertop is it? is it marble? what color?

input: where i can get those?
target: love the backsplash! where i can get those? love the backsplash! where i can get those? thanks!
output: where i can get those? please provide details on the range hood. i have a customer wanting a range with a 9 foot ceiling. i have a customer that wants. thanks!

input: would you mind sharing the rug details?
target: rug . would you mind sharing the rug details? thank you!
output: rug. would you mind sharing the rug details? thank you!

input: what color are the cabinets and walls?
target: what color are the cabinets and walls? thanks!! color of cabinets and walls.
output: what color are the cabinets and walls? i love this kitchen! what color are the cabinets and walls?

input: what is the brand and colour of this floor?
target: what is the brand and colour of this floor? i love this floor. is it hardwood? laminate? not that it matters.just love the colour.
output: what is the brand and colour of this floor? is it marble? what is the brand and colour of this floor?

input: where are they from?
target: obsessed with the wood shelves . where are they from? beautiful floating shelves near range
output: chandeliers. where are they from? chandeliers?

input: could you please tell me the make and model on the cabinet/drawer pulls?
target: drawer and cabinet pulls . could you please tell me the make and model on the cabinet/drawer pulls? thanks!
output: cabinet pulls. could you please tell me the make and model on the cabinet/drawer pulls? thank you!

input: what tile was used?
target: love the backsplash!!! what tile was used? beautiful!!! thanks
output: backsplash. what tile was used? beautiful!

input: could you please share the island counter top material and color?
target: what is the island counter top material and color? could you please share the island counter top material and color? thank you!
output: island countertop material and color? could you please share the island counter top material and color? thank you!

input: anyone have an idea who makes these?
target: pendant lights with the patina finish . i still can’t find the manufacture of these pendant lights. they have a nice patina on them that the kirkwood bell pendant does not have. anyone have an idea who makes these?
output: pendants. anyone have an idea who makes these? thanks!

input: could you please tell me the name/brand of the paint color used on the island?
target: island paint color . could you please tell me the name/brand of the paint color used on the island? beautiful work!
output: paint color. could you please tell me the name/brand of the paint color used on the island? thank you!

input: can someone give me the link to that subway tile and grout used?
target: can someone give me the link to that subway tile and grout used? i have found so many different subway tiles, these seem flat in shape and have a shine. was white grout used? thank you. love this kitchen so much!
output: subway tile. can someone give me the link to that subway tile and grout used? thanks

input: what type of slides are used?
target: love the pull out counter. what type of slides are used? is it butcher block?
output: what type of slides are used? what type of slides are used? i love the look!

input: can you please share the countertops .
target: can you please share the countertops . both please. thanks!
output: countertops. can you please share the countertops. thank you.

input: could you tell me the brand and name of the faucet?
target: kitchen faucet questions . could you tell me the brand and name of the faucet? thank you!
output: kitchen faucet. could you tell me the brand and name of the faucet? thank you.

input: can you tell me the color and brand of this tile?
target: love this beautiful tile . can you tell me the color and brand of this tile? thank you
output: can you tell me the color and brand of this tile? i love this kitchen! can you tell me the color and brand of this tile? thank you!

input: where is it from?
target: range hood. what brand? i love the hood! simple and sleek. where is it from?
output: i love the flooring! where is it from? what is it?

input: are the countertop and backsplash the same material?
target: countertop/backsplash . are the countertop and backsplash the same material? what are they?
output: are the countertop and backsplash the same material? what is the material? what is the thickness?

input: what's the name of the color please.
target: is this walnut? what's the name of the color please. what's the name of the color please.
output: what's the name of the color please. thank you. it's beautiful!

input: can you tell me if these are the goodman large hanging lights or the medium?
target: lighting . can you tell me if these are the goodman large hanging lights or the medium? thanks very much.
output: lights. can you tell me if these are the goodman large hanging lights or the medium? thanks

input: can you please share the length of the open shelves?
target: open shelving . can you please share the length of the open shelves? thank you so much!
output: open shelving. can you please share the length of the open shelves? thank you!

input: what are the perimeter countertops on the far window wall?
target: love! what are the perimeter countertops on the far window wall? wood?
output: what are the perimeter countertops on the far window wall? i'm planning on doing something similar.

input: can you tell me the color of the grout you used with the subway tile backsplash?
target: subway tile grout . can you tell me the color of the grout you used with the subway tile backsplash? thank you!
output: grout color. can you tell me the color of the grout you used with the subway tile backsplash? thanks

input: can you please give details on the floor (wood, stain, etc), and also give the dimensions of the island and material?
target: love the floors and island! can you please give details on the floor (wood, stain, etc), and also give the dimensions of the island and material? how thick is the island? thank you!
output: floors. can you please give details on the floor(wood, stain, etc) , and also give the dimensions of the island and material? thanks!

input: what's the material of the hood?
target: love the hood! what's the material of the hood? is it all stainless? thanks!
output: what's the material of the hood? is it wood or lvt? thanks

input: could you, please, provide the cabinet paint color or stain???
target: amazing project! could you, please, provide the cabinet paint color or stain??? stunning kitchen!
output: cabinet paint color. could you, please, provide the cabinet paint color or stain? ? ? thank you!

input: can you tell me the dimensions of this island and where you placed the seam?
target: island size and seam . can you tell me the dimensions of this island and where you placed the seam? thank you!
output: island size and seam. can you tell me the dimensions of this island and where you placed the seam? thank you!

input: how did you incorporate receptacles into the island?
target: where are appliance outlets on island? how did you incorporate receptacles into the island? the cabinets appear to surround the island. we are considering a modification that will give us the same issue. appreciate your thoughts!
output: how did you incorporate receptacles into the island? i love this kitchen! how did you incorporate receptacles into the island? thank you!

input: how is your countertop and overhang being supported to prevent sagging?
target: how is your countertop and overhang being supported to prevent sagging? my plans call for an 8’8” quartz run with a 13” overhang. your sharing is appreciated
output: how is your countertop and overhang being supported to prevent sagging? how does your countertop and overhang being supported to prevent sagging? is it a 36" wide wide island with a 24" depth between the two walls and the bottom. how does your countertop make up the load on the island? is it a 36" wide wide? thanks!

input: what kind and size of refrigerator is this?
target: refrigerator . what kind and size . what kind and size of refrigerator is this?
output: what kind and size of refrigerator is this? i love the look you've achieved here. thanks!

input: can you share where you put the trash and is there a dishwasher?
target: can you share where you put the trash and is there a dishwasher? i love this kitchen. it looks so open and spacious in a small space. thanks for your help.
output: can you share where you put the trash and is there a dishwasher? i love this kitchen! thank you!

input: can you share the flooring brand and color?
target: can you share the flooring brand and color? thank you! flooring
output: flooring. can you share the flooring brand and color? thank you!

input: does anyone know a color similar to their color “carbon” ?
target: does anyone know a color similar to their color “carbon” ? we are looking to lanny our cabinets and love their carbon color. any similar colors out their that anyone knows of since we can’t color match
output: what color is the cabinets? does anyone know a color similar to their color“carbon”? thanks

input: i have this tile and was thinking of grouting with a pewter color?
target: grout color used on backsplash? hello! can’t tell if the grout is light or gray. which is it? i have this tile and was thinking of grouting with a pewter color? thanks!
output: need help with grouting with grout. i have this tile and was thinking of grouting with a pewter color? thanks!

input: and, what is the distance between the countertop and the wall cabinets and the height of the wall cabinets?
target: stunning home! forgive me if i already posted this.i don't see it and need to change my question anyway! i'm wondering what the height of the ceiling is. and, what is the distance between the countertop and the wall cabinets and the height of the wall cabinets? thanks a million!
output: what is the height of the cabinets and the ceiling? and, what is the distance between the countertop and the wall cabinets and the height of the wall cabinets? thanks!

input: how high are the ceilings and the wall cabinets?
target: stunning home! how high are the ceilings and the wall cabinets? thanks!
output: ceiling height. how high are the ceilings and the wall cabinets? thanks!

input: could you share what tile is on the wall?
target: tile . absolutely love this kitchen. could you share what tile is on the wall? thank you!
output: tile. could you share what tile is on the wall? thank you!

input: can you please share the faucet finish and maker?
target: fancy faucet! i'm obsessed with the brass. can you please share the faucet finish and maker? thank you.
output: faucet finish and maker? love this kitchen! can you please share the faucet finish and maker? thank you!

input: where can i find the cabinet pulls?
target: cabinet hardware . where can i find the cabinet pulls? they are beautiful!
output: where can i find the cabinet pulls? i love this kitchen! thank you!

input: who makes the hood?
target: hood. who makes it? who makes the hood? i need a recirculating range hood and really like this one
output: hood. who makes the hood? who makes it?

input: can you please share the manufacturer of the pendant lighting?
target: pendant lighting manufacturer? can you please share the manufacturer of the pendant lighting? thank you!
output: pendant lighting manufacturer. can you please share the manufacturer of the pendant lighting? thank you!

input: is there another eating area in this kitchen or is it only at the island ?
target: eating area in the kitchen ? this is beautiful! is there another eating area in this kitchen or is it only at the island ? would you mind sharing the dimensions of the island? thank you!
output: eating area in this kitchen or is it only at the island? what is the area and what size is it? is there another eating area in this kitchen or is it only at the island?

input: who makes the counter stools.
target: counter stools . who makes the counter stools. where can they be purchased?
output: who makes the counter stools. who makes the counter stools. where can i get them?

input: will you share the name of the manufacturer?
target: love the table . the room is beautiful. i also like the table. will you share the name of the manufacturer? thank you.
output: love the cabinet maker! will you share the name of the manufacturer? thanks!

input: do these, trade sourced?, have a lens below the bulbs?
target: love the kitchen, and lights. do those have a lens at bottom? or not . i can find similar lights at rh but they don't have a lens on the bottom and i am wondering if that will be a problem. do these, trade sourced?, have a lens below the bulbs? thanks!
output: love the light fixtures. do those have a lens below the bulbs? do these, trade sourced? , have a lens below the bulbs? thank you!

input: where do you find dimensions and a cap for something like that?
target: hole in the island . is the hole in the island for trash access? where do you find dimensions and a cap for something like that?
output: where do you find dimensions and a cap for something like that? what size is the shelf? what size is the shelf?

input: can you please share the cabinet paint color?
target: paint color. can you please share the cabinet paint color? thank you. you're very talented and i admire your designs. so much inspiration here!
output: cabinet paint color. can you please share the cabinet paint color? thank you!

input: can you tell use the size of the window?
target: dimensions of this window?? it's beautiful! can you tell use the size of the window?
output: window size. can you tell use the size of the window? thanks

input: would love to know brand and color.
target: what type of floors?! what type of floors were used! they are beautiful. would love to know brand and color. thanks!
output: what is the wall color? would love to know brand and color. thanks

Test:
input: do the drawers come with the metal containment bars?
target: pull out drawers metal bars? do the drawers come with the metal containment bars? where can i purchase said bars separately? ( we have a drawer with containment wood that was installed thin, and chipped). thanks!
output: what metal bars are on the ceiling? do the drawers come with the metal containment bars? what is the type of metal that comes through?

input: are these motorized hinges?
target: pulls . are these motorized hinges? it looks like there may be a pull. if so, could i have the source. thanks! great job!
output: pulls. are these motorized hinges? what are the dimensions?

input: i would like to asked if u have anyone or sister company in the philippines who can make this?
target: interested in this product . i would like to asked if u have anyone or sister company in the philippines who can make this? merci boucou
output: who makes the pulls from? i would like to asked if u have anyone or sister company in the philippines who can make this? thank you!

input: can you please tell me the material and color of the flooring, please?
target: stone floor? can you please tell me the material and color of the flooring, please? i need to replace the wood flooring in my kitchen (which was beautiful once upon a time but has not held up well!) this is a gorgeous option and would appear to be much more durable than wood. thank you!
output: flooring. can you please tell me the material and color of the flooring, please? thank you!

input: what size is the island?
target: island . beautiful! what size is the island? thank you!
output: what size is the island? what size is the island? thank you!

input: can you please tell me what the flooring is and the name?
target: flooring and everything is just beautiful . can you please tell me what the flooring is and the name? thank you!
output: flooring. can you please tell me what the flooring is and the name? thank you

input: do the 3 windows above the sink open?
target: windows . nicest kitchen on houzz! do the 3 windows above the sink open? thank you very much!
output: do the 3 windows above the sink open? i want to do the 3 windows above the sink open? i'm trying to figure out if this is a good idea for my kitchen design.

input: would you mind telling us?
target: dimensions . hi lovely kitchen! i can't find the dimensions of the kitchen on any of the comments. would you mind telling us?
output: dimensions. hi there, i'm in love with this kitchen. would you mind telling us? thanks!

input: can you please tell me the length and width of this kitchen?
target: size . can you please tell me the length and width of this kitchen? it's amazing!
output: dimensions. can you please tell me the length and width of this kitchen? thanks!

input: are the cabinets next to the double oven, the cabinets that cover the refrigerators?
target: refrig question . are the cabinets next to the double oven, the cabinets that cover the refrigerators? i very much like how there is no "vent panel covers" above the actual refrig. all of the refrigerators i have looked at, needs a "vent cover" i would like to duplicate your look. can you please tell me the brand of the refrigerators used in this kitchen?
output: are the cabinets next to the double oven, the cabinets that cover the refrigerators? i love this kitchen!

input: would love to know what counter top material/name is.
target: would love to know what counter top material/name is. can you please provide? love the kitchen! i am getting ready to select counter tops and would love to get the name/material type for the beautiful counter tops in this kitchen. thanks!
output: counter top material/name. would love to know what counter top material/name is. thanks

input: do you know the name of the limestone?
target: floor . do you know the name of the limestone? thank you
output: love the countertops. do you know the name of the limestone? thank you!

input: would like to ask about possible use of the image to go along with a kitchen feature article in our magazine.
target: love the kitchen . hi, we love this kitchen. would like to ask about possible use of the image to go along with a kitchen feature article in our magazine. shawn elliott luxury magazine. would like to discuss if possible. thanks! eric neher
output: photo of kitchen. would like to ask about possible use of the image to go along with a kitchen feature article in our magazine. it's possible to use this photo with a kitchen feature article in our magazine. thank you.

input: can you tell me the color used on them please?
target: cabniets . can you tell me the color used on them please? love this kitchen!
output: what is the cabinet color? can you tell me the color used on them please? thanks

input: would you share the dimensions of the kitchen and the countertop type?
target: beautiful kitchen! would you share the dimensions of the kitchen and the countertop type? thank you!
output: dimensions. would you share the dimensions of the kitchen and the countertop type? thank you!

input: my inspiration :) i am debating between a butterscotch (soft orange) or hazelnut (brown) glaze (cream cabinet shenandoah), don't want to make the wrong choice.do you have an opinion to share on either?
target: cabinet glaze . beautiful kitchen. my inspiration :) i am debating between a butterscotch (soft orange) or hazelnut (brown) glaze (cream cabinet shenandoah), don't want to make the wrong choice.do you have an opinion to share on either? thank you.
output: butterscotch. my inspiration: ) i am debating between a butterscotch(soft orange) or hazelnut(brown) glaze(cream cabinet shenandoah) , don't want to make the wrong choice. do you have an anderson anderson glaze?

input: i want a stainless steel sink, but i'm not sure how to work that with the aged bronze hardware on the cabinets.
target: what color is the sink? is the sink white or stainless steel? i want a stainless steel sink, but i'm not sure how to work that with the aged bronze hardware on the cabinets.
output: what type of stainless steel sink? i want a stainless steel sink, but i'm not sure how to work that with the aged bronze hardware on the cabinets. i want a stainless steel sink, but i'm not sure how to work that with the aged bronze hardware on the cabinets.

input: what brand/color subway tile did you use?
target: subway tile . what brand/color subway tile did you use? love it!
output: subway tile. what brand/color subway tile did you use? i have a similar tile and i want to do it in my kitchen.

input: where did you buy them?
target: love the chandeliers . where did you buy them? thanks, irene.
output: love the chairs. where did you buy them? they are beautiful!

input: and what is the countertop, please?
target: love the lanterns! where are they from? and what is the countertop, please? building a new home and this is exactly the look i want!
output: what is the countertop, please? and what is the countertop, please? thank you!

input: i'm painting my kitchen cabinets creamy white, but dont know if i should carry the color throughout the house trim?
target: trim . is your white cabinets the same color as the white trim on the walls? whats the rules on white on white? i'm painting my kitchen cabinets creamy white, but dont know if i should carry the color throughout the house trim?
output: what color is the cabinets? i'm painting my kitchen cabinets creamy white, but dont know if i should carry the color throughout the house trim? what color is the wall paint?

input: could you tell me what house plan this is please?
target: beautiful!!! could you tell me what house plan this is please? have been looking for a plan.
output: could you tell me what house plan this is please? thank you. it is a beautiful kitchen!

input: where are curtains/shades from?!
target: curtins . where are curtains/shades from?! thanks in advance!!!
output: where are curtains/shades from? ! ! love this!

input: where did the window treatments come from?
target: window treatments . where did the window treatments come from? we're they custom or ready made?
output: window treatments. where did the window treatments come from? they are beautiful!

input: is your kitchen cabinet painted or stained?
target: is your kitchen cabinet painted or stained? what is the paint color? it is so beautiful!
output: is your kitchen cabinet painted or stained? what is the stain color on the cabinets? it looks like it matches the cabinets.

input: can you tell me what size the island is please.
target: what size is the island? can you tell me what size the island is please. thanks
output: what size is the island? can you tell me what size the island is please. thanks

input: could you tell me the color and the kind of wood used for the floor?
target: color and type of material for floor, also backsplash details? could you tell me the color and the kind of wood used for the floor? also the color and type of backsplash?
output: what kind of wood is that? could you tell me the color and the kind of wood used for the floor? thank you!

input: please tell me the exact wall color in this kitchen?
target: beautiful!! please tell me the exact wall color in this kitchen? beautiful!!! please tell me the exact wall color in this kitchen?
output: wall color. please tell me the exact wall color in this kitchen? thank you!

input: could you please share the brand for the barn doors?
target: love the barn doors . could you please share the brand for the barn doors? thanks!
output: barn doors. could you please share the brand for the barn doors? thank you!

input: where ae they from?
target: love the cabinets ! where ae they from? such unique color.
output: love the chairs. where ae they from? thank you.

input: do you know where it came from?
target: love the round counter in the center of the room! the table/counter in the center of the room is perfect for a room that i am redoing. do you know where it came from? beautiful room. thank you!
output: love the chair. do you know where it came from? thank you!

input: i don't live in an area where it snows, so i'm intruiged by this.
target: roof loading and snow . does it snow where this house is located? if so, what is the load maximum on the conservatory roof? i don't live in an area where it snows, so i'm intruiged by this.
output: what is the height of the ceiling? i don't live in an area where it snows, so i'm intruiged by this.

input: what floors are these?
target: floors? what floors are these? lovely.
output: floors. what floors are these? beautiful!

input: can hardly wait to start building our home for retirement.my husband will love this for the light for his low.vision!
target: blown away!! this is a stunningly gorgeous conservatory.kitchen! can hardly wait to start building our home for retirement.my husband will love this for the light for his low.vision! amazing!!
output: light. can hardly wait to start building our home for retirement. my husband will love this for the light for his low. vision!

input: where do you find those cows???
target: wonderful.but . where do you find those cows??? i want one.
output: where do you find those cows? ? ? thanks!

input: i have been considering doing a conservatory glass type ceiling and multiple windows in my breakfast room, so i am curious how a room like this feels in a cold climate?
target: wow wow wow! exquisite! i have been considering doing a conservatory glass type ceiling and multiple windows in my breakfast room, so i am curious how a room like this feels in a cold climate? does this room hold the heat in the winter well enough to feel comfortable or does all the glass make it feel drafty or chilly? is it just a matter of selecting the correct glass?
output: what is the type of glass ceiling? i have been considering doing a conservatory glass type ceiling and multiple windows in my breakfast room, so i am curious how a room like this feels in a cold climate? thank you!

input: sink manufacturer?
target: sink manufacturer? having trouble finding a double bowl stainless farmhouse. your help would be appreciated.
output: sink manufacturer? love! love the look of this kitchen!

input: this is exactly what i am looking for but has proved to be very difficult.
target: cabinet maker and color . who is the cabinet manufacturer and what color are they. this is exactly what i am looking for but has proved to be very difficult.
output: this is exactly what i am looking for but has proved to be very difficult. i love this!

input: what are those type of cabinets called?
target: what are those type of cabinets called? with the carved panels? where can i find them?
output: what are those type of cabinets called? are they cabinets custom? i love the cabinets!

input: would it be wrong to ask where you found the light fixture?
target: love the light fixture . this is a amazing! would it be wrong to ask where you found the light fixture? i need it in my house!
output: light fixture. would it be wrong to ask where you found the light fixture? thank you!

input: what an environment!
target: no question. just had to say stunning! what an environment!
output: what an environment! is this a great pantry!

input: can you post a closeup of the backsplash and provide info?
target: backsplash . can you post a closeup of the backsplash and provide info? thanks.
output: backsplash. can you post a closeup of the backsplash and provide info? thanks

input: could you kindly provide deets on the cabinet hardware?
target: can you provide details on the hardware? manufacturer and style? gorgeous kitchen!! could you kindly provide deets on the cabinet hardware?
output: could you kindly provide deets on the cabinet hardware? i have a customer wanting a cabinet with a shiner that is not as dark as the pictures. thank you!

input: is there a picture of the other sides of the island???
target: is there a picture of the other side? is there a picture of the other sides of the island??? curious about storage space and type of storage space. drawers, doors, open shelving . really like the design of it. also, what is the surface size of this island??
output: is there a picture of the other sides of the island? ? is there a picture of the other sides of the island? ? ? thank you!

input: is that the same color used on the cabinets?
target: cabinet color . you mentioned the walls are painted sherwin williams creamy. is that the same color used on the cabinets? beautiful kitchen!
output: cabinets. is that the same color used on the cabinets? thank you!

input: is there any task lighting, to shed light on counter top without shadows cast by the user?
target: task lighting . this kitchen is beautiful . we love the open feel without upper cabinets and large windows. is there any task lighting, to shed light on counter top without shadows cast by the user? where are they hidden, and what product did you use?
output: how difficult was this to maintain? is there any task lighting, to shed light on counter top without shadows cast by the user? i have been looking for a way to achieve this same look.

input: can you tell me the dimensions of the room?
target: what are the kitchen dimensions? beautiful kitchen! can you tell me the dimensions of the room?
output: dimensions. can you tell me the dimensions of the room? thanks!

input: my mother and i want to remodel my grandmother’s home which has a similar layout in the kitchen already, and i’m wondering how all those windows will look with lower ceilings.
target: i love it, but have a question. is this a standard 8’ ceiling? how high are the ceilings in the kitchen? my mother and i want to remodel my grandmother’s home which has a similar layout in the kitchen already, and i’m wondering how all those windows will look with lower ceilings.
output: how tall are the ceilings? my mother and i want to remodel my grandmother’s home which has a similar layout in the kitchen already, and i’m wondering how all those windows will look with lower ceilings. thank you!

input: hi what kind of windows and specifically where is the grill placement?
target: windows . hi what kind of windows and specifically where is the grill placement? inside glass, interior or simulated divided light?
output: grills. hi what kind of windows and specifically where is the grill placement? thanks

input: what treatment did you use to help seal the seams/cracks in the natural pine floor.?
target: natural pine flooring and paint color of cabinets/trim . i have a similar flooring in our 1916 home. what treatment did you use to help seal the seams/cracks in the natural pine floor.? also the white you used here looks so fresh (and bright) against the pine . please share what color and paint provider/co was used. many thanks! your houses are "fairy.tale book" perfect!
output: natural pine flooring. what treatment did you use to help seal the seams/cracks in the natural pine floor. ?

input: where are the light switches and electrical outlets hidden?we're building a similar layout and i'm afraid all the electrical switches will spoil the look.
target: light switches . where are the light switches and electrical outlets hidden?we're building a similar layout and i'm afraid all the electrical switches will spoil the look. thanks.
output: electrical outlets. where are the light switches and electrical outlets hidden? we're building a similar layout and i'm afraid all the electrical switches will spoil the look.

input: brand of white wall color used throughout the home?
target: love this kitchen . amazing job with the kitchen andamp. throughout the home. what is the name andamp. brand of white wall color used throughout the home?
output: brand of white wall color used throughout the home? i love this kitchen! what is the color?

input: do you have the paint color of island?
target: island color? beautiful kitchen!! do you have the paint color of island? thanks
output: paint color. do you have the paint color of island? thank you!

input: could you share the source where you can the beautiful stool?
target: the beautiful stool . could you share the source where you can the beautiful stool? thank you!
output: stools. could you share the source where you can the beautiful stool? thank you!

input: can you please tell me the name or where i can find these pendants?
target: can you please tell me the name or where i can find these pendants? the glass pendants are beautiful. nice choice!
output: pendants. can you please tell me the name or where i can find these pendants? thanks!

input: can you tell me the maker and color?
target: what is the wall paint color . i really like the soft gray paint color. can you tell me the maker and color?
output: what is the wall paint color? can you tell me the maker and color? thanks

input: can you tell me where it was purchased?
target: love the runner . hi there, i love this runner. can you tell me where it was purchased?
output: love the chair. can you tell me where it was purchased? thank you.

input: who makes the windows?
target: who makes the windows? what type? they are amazing, all of them! who makes the windows? what type? they are amazing, all of them!
output: who makes the windows? who makes them? what is the stain color?

input: what is the name of the backsplash tile?
target: what is the name of the backsplash tile? i can't find it in ann sacks. thanks, susie
output: backsplash. what is the name of the backsplash tile? thank you!

input: i love this kitchen and would love to know what color you used on the island and also is that the same color on the upper cabinets?
target: what color is the island? i love this kitchen and would love to know what color you used on the island and also is that the same color on the upper cabinets? thanks.
output: what color is the island? i love this kitchen and would love to know what color you used on the island and also is that the same color on the upper cabinets? thanks!

input: the luster is part of what makes the color so beautiful in my opinion.
target: love the blue cabinets. what kind of sw paint/sheen was used? the luster is part of what makes the color so beautiful in my opinion. sherwin williams has so many types of paint and sheens. i'm curious what was used to achieve this beautiful appearance.
output: what is the grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain grain

input: can't see how pics fit together.
target: pls post pics from farther back. can't see how pics fit together. looks beautiful but very frustrating not being able to see broader view!
output: can't see how pics fit together. i love this kitchen! i'm trying to replicate this. i'm trying to replicate this. is it a 6' x 6' 4" ?

input: 53 photos but none of how the other major appliances are integrated into this design.
target: where is the rest of the kitchen? oven, sink and refrigerator, pantry . 53 photos but none of how the other major appliances are integrated into this design. from what i can see . beautifully done with many custom and practical features. any other particulars would be much appreciated, thank you!
output: what is the size of the kitchen appliances? 53 photos but none of how the other major appliances are integrated into this design. i love the small appliances.

input: is this round, oval or even rectangular?
target: eating area light fixture . i just love this lighting fixture. is this round, oval or even rectangular? it's difficult to discern from the angle of this photo. where did you purchase it? such a wonderful area to have a meal. thanks!
output: round. is this round, oval or even rectangular? thanks!

input: where did you purchase the banquette?
target: where did you purchase the banquette? love it! thank you!
output: where did you purchase the banquette? love it! thank you!

input: what are the dimensions of this area?
target: dimensions . what are the dimensions of this area? also, bench size and table size. thank you!
output: what are the dimensions of this area? i love this layout and am trying to figure out how to do this in this kitchen. i want to do something similar in my kitchen.

input: do you know the brand and size?
target: love the pendants! do you know the brand and size? the kitchen is stunning!
output: love the pendant lights! do you know the brand and size? thanks

input: what are the dimensions of the island and what is the island color.
target: my favorite kitchen on houzz . what are the dimensions of the island and what is the island color. thanks!
output: what are the dimensions of the island and what is the island color. i love this! what are the dimensions of the island and what is the island color. thanks

input: what brand of cabinets are these?
target: what brand of cabinets are these? and what color? i love this!
output: what brand of cabinets are these? i love the cabinets!

input: manufacturer, where you purchased, model, size.
target: love to know where the pendants are from? exactly what we need! we have been looking for pendants for a while and these are perfect! any details would be awesome! manufacturer, where you purchased, model, size. really anything you have! thanks! karen
output: love the chairs. manufacturer, where you purchased, model, size. thanks

input: where can i order this barn door.
target: where can i order this barn door. love it! beautiful! i've been looking for the perfect barn door for months and this one is it! love it!!! please lead me to the site i can order it from.
output: where can i order this barn door. love it! where can i order this barn door. thank you!

input: did you choose a texture?
target: texture of the door? i'm planning on ordering a door just like this for a project i am on from the same company. they give the option of a texture. the options were none, distressed, weathered or band saw. did you choose a texture? thanks.
output: texture? did you choose a texture? thank you!

input: what type of material are the counters?
target: counter material and availability? what type of material are the counters? where can they be purchased?
output: what type of material are the counters? i love the counters. what is the material?

input: any idea what colors were used on the cabinets, trim, and walls?
target: paint colors? any idea what colors were used on the cabinets, trim, and walls? this kitchen is just beautiful!
output: paint colors. any idea what colors were used on the cabinets, trim, and walls? i have a similar wall and i love the colors in this kitchen!

input: where can we buy them.
target: love the chairs at island. where can we buy them. the chairs at the island. berwyn,pa. farmhouse kitchen philadelphia by period architecture.
output: love the chairs. where can we buy them. love the chairs. where can we buy them.

input: can you tell me how you did the white beans and pillars?
target: white beans and pillars . beautiful kitchen! can you tell me how you did the white beans and pillars? are the drywall/wood beams/something else? thanks!
output: white beans and pillars. can you tell me how you did the white beans and pillars? thank you!

input: could you provide choice of color on perimeter countertops granite and backsplash?
target: this is absolutely perfect . could you provide choice of color on perimeter countertops granite and backsplash? thank you!
output: could you provide choice of color on perimeter countertops granite and backsplash? i have a client that wants this color and i'm looking for something just like that. thank you!

input: where to find the complete cost of this design?
target: where to find the complete cost of this design? would like to know how much this cost in total. i have the floors already would love the rest . or as close as we can get
output: where to find the complete cost of this design? i have a client that wants this kitchen! i'm trying to figure out if this is the best option.

input: what are the floors???
target: love the floors! what are the floors??? building a house, want dark floors with lots of variation in color.
output: what are the floors? ? ? ? this is my favorite kitchen on houzz!

input: would you be so kind and give details of size (the entrance beam into kitchen), wood type, and stain (treatment) you did to get that gorgeous look!
target: love the beams! would you be so kind and give details of size (the entrance beam into kitchen), wood type, and stain (treatment) you did to get that gorgeous look! thank you!
output: size of beam. would you be so kind and give details of size(the entrance beam into kitchen) , wood type, and stain(treatment) you did to get that gorgeous look! thank you!

input: and where is the kitchen hardware/handles etc from?
target: pendant size and hardware . what is the size of the pendants over the island? and where is the kitchen hardware/handles etc from? this kitchen is my inspiration for our kitchen build. i love everything about it! thank you so much for your help! beautiful work!
output: kitchen hardware. what is the kitchen hardware? and where is the kitchen hardware/handles etc? thanks!

input: what type of flooring is this?
target: what type of flooring is this? i love it! thank you
output: what type of flooring is this? is it wood or lvt? what is the stain color?

input: could you please share source and stain?
target: flooring . hello, what gorgeous spaces. i'm in love with this flooring. could you please share source and stain? thank you.
output: love the wood floors! could you please share source and stain? thank you!

input: who makes this?
target: the cabinet is nice for kitchen appliances. who makes this? custom?
output: i love the pendants over the island. who makes this? thank you!

input: can you please tell me what tiles are used on the backsplash?
target: kitchen backsplash . can you please tell me what tiles are used on the backsplash? we are in the middle of a project and have been looking for these.
output: backsplash. can you please tell me what tiles are used on the backsplash? thank you

input: would cabico carry something similar that would achieve this same look?
target: cabinets . what style of cabinets did you use? they seem more shallow than the traditional shaker door. would cabico carry something similar that would achieve this same look?
output: would cabico carry something similar that would achieve this same look? thank you!

input: can you please share the actual door handle?
target: can you link to the door handle? this door is beautifully put together. color, style and hardware. can you please share the actual door handle? thanks!
output: can you share the actual door handle? thank you. it's beautiful!

input: is this for any support purpose or just for looks?
target: door hardware . i've never seen barn door hardware hung on trim before. is this for any support purpose or just for looks?
output: what is the range hood? is this for any support purpose or just for looks? looks great!

input: looking for black handle with a plate similar to what's showing.
target: barn door pull . love the pull from the barn door. have been trying to find. where did you get it. looking for black handle with a plate similar to what's showing. see handles but none with the back plate. thanks
output: what is the brand of the range? looking for black handle with a plate similar to what's showing. i love the range.

input: what kind of light in pantry please?
target: what kind of light in pantry please? fluorescent or led? how many and what brand?
output: what kind of light in pantry please? i have a pantry that is 48" x 44" ? what is the dimensions of it?

input: can you tell me where and the brand and style name of the door.
target: sorry iphone stinks . can you tell me where and the brand and style name of the door. thanks.
output: love the door. can you tell me where and the brand and style name of the door. thanks

input: can you tell me where you got the door and a b .
target: love the barn door. can you tell me where you got the door and a b . thanks
output: love the door! can you tell me where you got the door and a b. thanks

input: i love the barn door hardware, can you tell me where i can find it?
target: barn door hardware . i love the barn door hardware, can you tell me where i can find it? i want to do this to my pantry door as i have a door that is forever in the way. great idea and adds a nice extra touch.
output: barn door hardware. i love the barn door hardware, can you tell me where i can find it? thanks!

input: what color is this ?
target: love the blue color on pantry door! gorgeous !! what color is this ?
output: what color is this? i love this paint color!

input: would it be possible to provide the brand/style name of the white textured backsplash tiles as well as the style name of the artistic mosaic accent tile?
target: i love the tiles that were used! would it be possible to provide the brand/style name of the white textured backsplash tiles as well as the style name of the artistic mosaic accent tile? thanks so much!
output: tile. would it be possible to provide the brand/style name of the white textured backsplash tiles as well as the style name of the artistic mosaic accent tile? thanks!

input: would love to know the name, brand, and where to order.
target: where are the drawer and cabinet pulls from? i like the color and the length of the drawer pulls. would love to know the name, brand, and where to order.
output: would love to know the name, brand, and where to order. love to know the name, brand, and where to order. thanks!

input: what and who is the manufacturere of this great flooring?
target: what and who is the manufacturere of this great flooring? is it real hardwood or engineered wood? txs in advance!
output: what and who is the manufacturere of this great flooring? is it hardwood or engineered? what and who is the manufacturere of this great flooring?

input: can you pay more pictures of this pantry.
target: loved everything . can you pay more pictures of this pantry. different angles. please?
output: can you pay more pictures of this pantry. i want to do a pantry like this. i want to do it in our new house. thank you!

input: can you tell me if the cabinets are sick or custom?
target: cabinets manufactured? can you tell me if the cabinets are sick or custom? i like how they are just pulls and not doors
output: cabinets. can you tell me if the cabinets are sick or custom? thank you!

input: how wide is the right shelf that shows open in this picture?
target: how wide is the right shelf that shows open in this picture? wonderful space saver! i'm planning on doing something like this for my bath.
output: how wide is the right shelf that shows open in this picture? i have a question. i have a question about shelf. how wide is the right shelf that shows open in this picture?

input: is the pantry custom or where can i find this?
target: is the pantry custom or where can i find this? thank you! is the pantry custom or where can i find this? thank you!
output: is the pantry custom or where can i find this? thank you! is the pantry custom or where can i find this? thank you!

input: what are the dimensions of the island?
target: island . what are the dimensions of the island? thanx!
output: what are the dimensions of the island? i love this! what are the dimensions of the island? thanks

input: how long is the wall that the range is on?
target: wall length . how long is the wall that the range is on? thanks!
output: how long is the wall that the range is on? i love this kitchen! i'm planning on doing something like this in my new house. i'm planning on doing something similar.

input: what color are the cabinets painted?
target: cabinet color? love this kitchen! what color are the cabinets painted?
output: cabinets. what color are the cabinets painted? thanks

input: would you recall what island edge is used here?
target: island edge . beautiful kitchen. would you recall what island edge is used here? thank you!
output: island edge. beautiful! would you recall what island edge is used here? thank you!

input: what brand was used?
target: faucets? what brand was used? beautiful kitchen!
output: cabinets. what brand was used? thanks

input: where can we find them?
target: light fixtures . love the fixtures . where can we find them?
output: love the chairs. where can we find them? thanks

input: refacing cabinet doors, painting them gloss white and wanted to paint those ugly tiles same gloss white?
target: need help old kitchen tile backsplash. can u paint glazed tile?? purchasing older home. kitchen needs renovation. trying to save money. is it possible to paint glazed tile backsplash?? refacing cabinet doors, painting them gloss white and wanted to paint those ugly tiles same gloss white?
output: paint of cabinets. i am planning on doing a similar style for my kitchen. i'm planning on doing a similar style in my kitchen. i'm guessing this is a good example of a painted white or an ugly tile. refacing cabinet doors, painting them gloss white and wanted to paint those ugly tiles same gloss white? thanks!

input: could you please share the dimensions, including ceiling height, of this lovely kitchen?
target: wonderful kitchen design. could you please share the dimensions, including ceiling height, of this lovely kitchen? thanks very much for your time.
output: this is a beautiful kitchen! could you please share the dimensions, including ceiling height, of this lovely kitchen? thank you!

input: please share where these lalnterns are from!
target: island fixtures . please share where these lalnterns are from! thank you!
output: pendants. please share where these lalnterns are from! thank you!

input: aren’t too many ready made gray stains out there.
target: what species wood and stain color in ceiling? aren’t too many ready made gray stains out there. is this custom?
output: what is the stain on the walls? aren’t too many ready made gray stains out there. i love it!

input: approximately how far does the center island bar overhang extend from the cabinets (over the bar stools)?
target: gorgeous kitchen! approximately how far does the center island bar overhang extend from the cabinets (over the bar stools)? thanks!
output: ceiling height. approximately how far does the center island bar overhang extend from the cabinets(over the bar stools) ? thanks!

input: where did you get the bar stools from?
target: beautifully done kitchen! bar stools? where did you get the bar stools from? so unique!
output: where did you get the bar stools from? love them! where can i get them?

input: what are kind of marble and size are the tiles in backsplash and where did you buy them .
target: tiles in backsplash . what are kind of marble and size are the tiles in backsplash and where did you buy them . thanks.
output: what are kind of marble and size are the tiles in backsplash and where did you buy them. thanks

input: where can i purchase something like these?
target: love the cabinet doors. who is the manufacturer? i love the shape of the inserts. where can i purchase something like these?
output: love the chairs. where can i purchase something like these? thank you.

input: can you please share where these came from?
target: mirrored cabinet doors? i love them. can you please share where these came from? thanks
output: stools. can you please share where these came from? thank you.

input: what is the flooring?
target: what is the flooring? very pretty . pretty floors
output: what is the flooring? is it hardwood or engineered? what is the flooring?

input: what is the paint color on the kitchen island?
target: what is the paint color on the kitchen island? it’s beautiful . beautiful
output: what is the paint color on the kitchen island? i love this kitchen! what is the paint color on the kitchen island?

input: are the back counter tops a different product/surface than the island?
target: countertops, island and back splash . are the back counter tops a different product/surface than the island? they look like 2 different granites but i can't tell. looking to do the same in my kitchen. what are the names of the products, can i ask that? and the back splash! i love it!
output: are the back counter tops a different product/surface than the island? what is the brand of the countertop? i'm trying to figure out if these cabinets are a good fit for my new kitchen.

input: what's the distance between the counters and the island?
target: new kitchen . what's the distance between the counters and the island? thank you
output: dimensions of island. what's the distance between the counters and the island? thank you

input: can you tell me if the countertops are granite or quartz, color and manufacturer.
target: great kitchen and design . can you tell me if the countertops are granite or quartz, color and manufacturer. were you able to find a jumbo slab or did you need to use 2 pieces? i have similar dimensions for my island and want to avoid a seem. thank you.
output: countertops. can you tell me if the countertops are granite or quartz, color and manufacturer. thanks

input: do you know the source for the chandelier over table?
target: chandelier light fixture over table . do you know the source for the chandelier over table? goes well with the chrome of the island lights.
output: chandelier over table. do you know the source for the chandelier over table? thank you!

input: what tile and size did you use for the backsplash?
target: beautiful kitchen! what tile and size did you use for the backsplash? thanks for considering my question.
output: backsplash. what tile and size did you use for the backsplash? thanks

input: what is the overall size and dimensions of the room and nook?
target: size of the room and nook . great design. what is the overall size and dimensions of the room and nook? it looks like you maximize the space perfectly while still keeping the feel cozy.
output: what is the overall size and dimensions of the room and nook? this is a beautiful kitchen! what is the overall size and dimensions of the room and nook?

input: hi, what an inspiring kitchen you have!
target: where did you get the table? hi, what an inspiring kitchen you have! i need a similar table for my breakfast nook. where did you get that table? thank you.
output: where did you get the table? hi, what an inspiring kitchen you have! thank you!

input: what are the island dimensions?
target: kitchen . what are the island dimensions? love the whole room.
output: what are the island dimensions? i love this kitchen! what are the island dimensions?

input: where did the stools come from?
target: stools . where did the stools come from? thanks
output: stools. where did the stools come from? thanks

input: what is the size of the island with the seating?
target: nice! what is the size of the island with the seating? thank you.
output: what is the size of the island with the seating? i love this! thank you!

input: can you tell me what countertops these are?
target: countertops . can you tell me what countertops these are? thanks.
output: countertops. can you tell me what countertops these are? thank you!

input: is the floor engineered or hardwood?
target: flooring . this is the inspiration for my new kitchen. is the floor engineered or hardwood? what color/stain?
output: flooring. is the floor engineered or hardwood? what is the stain color?

input: could you tell me what size the backsplash tiles are?
target: could you tell me what size the backsplash tiles are? thank you! herringbone loose stalks
output: backsplash. could you tell me what size the backsplash tiles are? thanks

input: can you please tell me the wall color?
target: wall color . can you please tell me the wall color? thank you.
output: wall color. can you please tell me the wall color? thank you!

input: what is the depth of the countertop?
target: bar/counter depth . love this kitchen. we are remodeling and want to add a bar like this. what is the depth of the countertop? is it standard counter depth 24"?
output: what is the depth of the countertop? i love this kitchen! what is the depth of the countertop? thanks

input: is the panel above the hood separate or part of the vent.
target: ventilation panel . is the panel above the hood separate or part of the vent. who is the mfg?
output: is the panel above the hood separate or part of the vent. what is the height of the hood? is the panel above the hood separate or part of the vent. thanks

input: could you share pedant source and countertop type?
target: love! could you share pedant source and countertop type? thank you!
output: could you share pedant source and countertop type? thank you! love this kitchen!

input: hi, can you please tell me what the cabinets were made out of, and how the color was applied?
target: cabinets . hi, can you please tell me what the cabinets were made out of, and how the color was applied? thank you!
output: cabinets. hi, can you please tell me what the cabinets were made out of, and how the color was applied? thanks!

input: what is he brand of your counter stools?
target: counter stools . what is he brand of your counter stools? thank you!
output: counter stools. what is he brand of your counter stools? thank you!

input: what brand are the counter stools please?
target: beautiful work! what brand are the counter stools please? or where to purchase please? thank you!
output: counter stools. what brand are the counter stools please? thank you

input: will you share details about the hood please?
target: range hood details please . love the range hood. adding the wood strip really makes this kitchen cohesive as it adds interest while subtly pulling it all together. will you share details about the hood please? thank you!
output: hood. will you share details about the hood please? thank you!

input: what color is this island?
target: island coloring . what color is this island? thank you.
output: island color. what color is this island? thank you

input: can you please share the name and brand of color?
target: name and brand of island color . can you please share the name and brand of color? love this kitchen! thank you
output: backsplash. can you please share the name and brand of color? thank you!

input: could you please share what it is and where it's from?
target: love the backsplash! could you please share what it is and where it's from? thanks!
output: love the flooring! could you please share what it is and where it's from? thank you!

input: what is the brand/ color?
target: love the flooring? what is the brand/ color? thanks!
output: love the cabinets! what is the brand/color? thanks!

input: the woodworker seriously chose to use 2 black screws for the rear partition to hold the outlet in?
target: nice idea, terrible execution . the woodworker seriously chose to use 2 black screws for the rear partition to hold the outlet in? couldn't have even erased the pencil lines on top of the drawer side after assembling it? and the left rough splintery hack cuts on the original drawer back is amatuer at best. yikes.
output: woodworker seriously chose to use 2 black screws for the rear partition to hold the outlet in? i'm guessing they're not as dark as i want.

input: are there more pictures you can post a link to?
target: want to see more! this is fabulous! are there more pictures you can post a link to?
output: are there more pictures you can post a link to? thank you. are there more pictures you can post a link to?

input: would love to know separate dimensions and overall, if possible.
target: great space! what are the dimensions of kitchen and dining? would love to know separate dimensions and overall, if possible. thanks either way!
output: dimensions. would love to know separate dimensions and overall, if possible. thanks

input: can you please tell me the manufacturer of engineered floors?
target: beautiful kitchen . can you please tell me the manufacturer of engineered floors? thank you
output: engineered floors. can you please tell me the manufacturer of engineered floors? thanks!

input: would you please share brand info for the aegean blue and pearl white as well as the color and brand of the wall color.
target: color/brand info for the walls and cabinets? i love the soft but clean bright feel of these colors together. i think this is the perfect blend of warmth and crispness. would you please share brand info for the aegean blue and pearl white as well as the color and brand of the wall color.
output: love this kitchen! would you please share brand info for the aegean blue and pearl white as well as the color and brand and brand of the wall color. thank you!

input: where are the island lights from?
target: where are the island lights from? love them! love the island lights! details please!
output: where are the island lights from? love the island lights. where do they come from?

input: where or how do i get this mechanism?
target: tablecloth rollout hangers . where or how do i get this mechanism? lporter686@sbcglobal.net
output: where or how do i get this mechanism? love the hardware. where can i get it?

input: do you sell other items and where do i find these items?
target: what size is this pantry? also , where is your service area and do you . where is your service area? what size is this pantry? do you sell the baskets? do you sell other items and where do i find these items? thank you, karen anderson
output: what is the price on the shelves? this is a great pantry. i'm trying to figure out if this pantry is the best example i've seen! do you sell other items and where do i find these items? thank you!

input: what is the material used?
target: ana . what is the material used? wood?
output: love the flooring! what is the material used? thank you!

input: can you tell me where i can get the drawing or can i order the kit?
target: where can i buy these panty shelving? and can i get a drawing of this . i am building a new house and would like this arrangement in my walk.in panty. can you tell me where i can get the drawing or can i order the kit?
output: can you tell me where i can get the drawing or can i order the kit? i am building a house and would love to do something similar. thank you.

input: should pantry door be a pocket door?
target: should pantry door be a pocket door? or should it swing in? our new house will have a 6 x 6 walk.in. want to make the best use of the space. we will have shelving on three walls.
output: should pantry door be a pocket door? what is the name of the wood door? it looks like it's a pocket door.

input: i like it just that i'm wondering how it carried into the house.
target: love the closet, is it joined together or in segment? can it close . i like it just that i'm wondering how it carried into the house. thanks
output: love the chair. what is the length of the chair? i like it just that i'm wondering how it carried into the house. thanks

input: what type of hardware are the tablecloths hanging on and how long are they?
target: what are the tablecloths are hanging on? what type of hardware are the tablecloths hanging on and how long are they? thank you. this pantry is very well done!
output: what type of hardware are the tablecloths hanging on and how long are they? i love the look! what is the name of it!

input: or a dark stained wood,even in the photo the variation of color is great and the finish immaculate.how can i achieve this finish on raw floorboards.looks fabulous with white.
target: the floor is amazing. is it black japan? or a dark stained wood,even in the photo the variation of color is great and the finish immaculate.how can i achieve this finish on raw floorboards.looks fabulous with white.
output: what is the finish on floor? or a dark stained wood, even in the photo the variation of color is great and the finish immaculate. how can i achieve this finish on raw floorboards. looks fabulous with white.

input: first, what were the kitchen dimensions wall to wall.before cabinets?
target: kitchen dimensions and rattan chairs in eating area . hi there. i love what you designed in this home. i have two questions. first, what were the kitchen dimensions wall to wall.before cabinets? and where did you purchase the 3 rattan chairs? or can you point me in the direction of similar chairs? thx so much.
output: what size is the kitchen. first, what were the kitchen dimensions wall to wall. before cabinets? thanks

input: who makes this paint color and what is the name please?
target: paint color . who makes this paint color and what is the name please? this is my favorite project on house, such a calm, soothing feel to it. thank you for sharing it on houzz.
output: paint color. who makes this paint color and what is the name please? thank you!

input: would appreciate if you could advise what the backsplashes are at sink and including the back of stove.
target: kitchen ideas . would appreciate if you could advise what the backsplashes are at sink and including the back of stove. love it. thanks.
output: backsplash. would appreciate if you could advise what the backsplashes are at sink and including the back of stove. thanks!

input: would you be willing to source the lights for me?
target: perfection . everything in this kitchen is perfect! would you be willing to source the lights for me? just beautiful.
output: lights. would you be willing to source the lights for me? thanks!

input: could you tell me the size of the island?
target: so beautiful! could you tell me the size of the island? thank you in advance!
output: could you tell me the size of the island? thanks. could you tell me the size of the island? thanks

input: i really like what you have done with this kitchen.
target: appliances . is that an oven.microwave combination? i really like what you have done with this kitchen.
output: what is the stain on the cabinets? i really like what you have done with this kitchen.

input: where is this from?
target: i'd love to buy a clock like that . where is this from? size?
output: i love the pendant lights! where is this from? what is the name of it?

input: can you tell me what the sheen of this paint is?
target: sheen of cabinet paint? can you tell me what the sheen of this paint is? these cabinets are amazing!
output: sheen of cabinets. can you tell me what the sheen of this paint is? i have a similar look and am trying to replicate it. thanks!

input: what are the dimensions of the stove wall?
target: beautiful kitchen! what are the dimensions of the stove wall? thanks
output: what are the dimensions of the stove wall? i love this kitchen! what are the dimensions of the stove wall? thanks!

input: could you please share the kitchen's dimensions?
target: this kitchen! beautiful! could you please share the kitchen's dimensions?
output: dimensions. could you please share the kitchen's dimensions? thank you.

input: can you please share details about the beautiful glass liners in the top cabinets?
target: top cabinet glass liners . can you please share details about the beautiful glass liners in the top cabinets? they're beautiful!
output: what is the glass liners? can you please share details about the beautiful glass liners in the top cabinets? they are beautiful!

input: it would be nice to hear from someone who knows cooking just why this choice was made for a home kitchen since many readers are likely debating this same question.
target: i am curious as to why the choice of a gas over the duel fuel range? i am wondering, given that the client is a retired chef, what reason led to choosing the gas version of the wolf range as opposed to the dual fuel option. it would be nice to hear from someone who knows cooking just why this choice was made for a home kitchen since many readers are likely debating this same question.
output: eating the vegetable vegetable and eating board. i am debating between a vegetarian or a vegetarian. it would be nice to hear from someone who knows cooking just why this choice was made for a home kitchen since many readers are likely debating this same question.

input: what is it behind the hood?
target: behind the hood . what is it behind the hood? look like stone?
output: what is it behind the hood? is that a door? what is it behind the hood?

input: if so will they yellow from a lot of sun?
target: counter tops are beautiful . can you tell me about these? are they quartzite ? if so will they yellow from a lot of sun? thank you
output: light fixtures. are those pendants from the island? if so will they yellow from a lot of sun?

input: could you tell me the specifics on the hood?
target: vent hood branding . could you tell me the specifics on the hood? thank you!
output: could you tell me the specifics on the hood? i need to do a similar hood and want to do the same thing in my kitchen. i want to do the same thing in my kitchen.

input: what brand is the lighting?
target: what brand is the lighting? can one still buy? beautiful kitchen!
output: lighting. what brand is the lighting? thanks

input: can you please tell me the approximate dimensions?
target: what are the dimensions? i am absolutely in love with this kitchen. can you please tell me the approximate dimensions?
output: dimensions. this is a beautiful kitchen! can you please tell me the approximate dimensions? thanks!

input: how many pot lights are opposite from the window wall?
target: location and number of pot lights opposite window . hi there, my kitchen is pretty similar in size and layout. how many pot lights are opposite from the window wall?
output: how many pot lights are opposite from the window wall? i have a pantry that i am building a house that has a 9 foot ceiling. i have a pantry that i want to pull out the pot lights and i want the same height for my cabinets.

input: what make of flooring did you use?
target: what make of flooring did you use? color, too, if possible. thank yo
output: flooring. what make of flooring did you use? thanks

input: where is the window from?
target: where is the window from? love this transformation. lots of great ideas. i really want that window
output: where is the window from? love it! love it!

input: are the counter tops and backsplash made of the same material?
target: love the backsplash. are the counter tops and backsplash made of the same material? are they quartz? what is the name of the company ?
output: counter tops and backsplash. are the counter tops and backsplash made of the same material? what are they?

input: could you tell me the dimensions of the kitchen?
target: dimensions . hi, this us a beautiful home. could you tell me the dimensions of the kitchen?
output: dimensions. could you tell me the dimensions of the kitchen? thanks.

input: is there any trim between the cabinets and soffit?
target: is there any trim between the cabinets and soffit? similar to this kitchen i've removed the soffit from over the sink only. i'm wondering if the sides of that niche are smooth or if there is trim other than the crown.
output: is there any trim between the cabinets and soffit? i love this kitchen! what is the trim on it?

input: where can i find those?
target: love the chairs . where can i find those? very nicely done!
output: where can i find those? please respond, thanks. i have a great idea for lighting.

input: what is the black splash tile?
target: what is the black splash tile? love the shine. thanks.
output: what is the black splash tile? i love this kitchen! what is the black splash tile?

input: can you tell me the brand of the cabinets.
target: cabinets . can you tell me the brand of the cabinets. i really like the small upper cabinets with glass doors.
output: cabinets. can you tell me the brand of the cabinets. thank you

input: we need help figuring out where to put the furniture.
target: how to arrange furniture in this great room . our kitchen/family room is long but not that wide. we need help figuring out where to put the furniture. still need to buy a coffee table and replace the chair. planning to put tv on wall over kids storage unit.
output: where do i get the furniture? we need help figuring out where to put the furniture. thanks.

input: could you please share with this table is available for purchase?
target: i love the wood round table . could you please share with this table is available for purchase? thank you, krzysztof
output: table. could you please share with this table is available for purchase? thank you!

input: but i have gold fixtures in site of the kitchen is there a rule about mixing them?
target: mixing gold fixture with silver . i am remodeling my kitchen and i want the gray white silver look that is reflected in this pic. but i have gold fixtures in site of the kitchen is there a rule about mixing them?
output: what is the rule on the wall? but i have gold fixtures in site of the kitchen is there a rule about mixing them? what is the rule about mixing them?

input: please tell me where you found the light hanging above the table.
target: dana . please tell me where you found the light hanging above the table. i love it. thank you
output: light. please tell me where you found the light hanging above the table. thank you

input: where do you have the stove and refrig?
target: love this look! where do you have the stove and refrig? thanks!
output: love this! where do you have the stove and refrig? thanks!

input: could you please share information about hardwood floors.
target: hardwoods . could you please share information about hardwood floors. they are lovely!
output: hardwood floors. could you please share information about hardwood floors. they are beautiful!

input: what color goes good with mint in a. bedroom?
target: what color goes good with mint in a. bedroom? http://familiar.interiors.blogspot.com/2012/09/wispy.mint.html http://laminatefinder.com/product/mint.green.6211.084. anywhere between these two. mints
output: what color goes good with mint in a. bedroom? i'm in love with this!

input: is the d/w in its own cabinet or just has a front panel?
target: this is soo elegant! i notice the panel ready d/w. is the d/w in its own cabinet or just has a front panel?
output: what is the front of the d/w? is the d/w in its own cabinet or just has a front panel? what is the back panel?

input: will you share info about the cabinet hardware?
target: cabinet hardware? will you share info about the cabinet hardware? what size are the pulls andamp. who makes them?
output: cabinet hardware. will you share info about the cabinet hardware? thank you!

input: what are the measurements for layout this kitchen and eating area .
target: what are the measurements for layout this kitchen and eating area . what are the measurements for this layout. trying to see if i have he space to work with. thanks
output: what are the measurements for layout this kitchen and eating area. what are the measurements for this layout. i love everything about it!

input: what thickness, color, style and vendor?
target: love the flooring . what thickness, color, style and vendor? we are installing flooring in a few months in our new home. where can we buy? what is the type of wood, shade, etc. thank you so much!
output: what thickness, color, style and vendor? what thickness, color, style and vendor? thanks

input: can you tell me who makes this floor and the color?
target: what is the brand and color of the kitchen floor . can you tell me who makes this floor and the color? thank you!
output: what is the color on the walls? can you tell me who makes this floor and the color? thanks

input: what type of hood is this and how wide?
target: exhaust hood info . what type of hood is this and how wide? thanks.
output: what type of hood is this and how wide? is it overhang? is it a 36" ? what is the width of the top and bottom of the hood?

input: what is the perimeter counter tops please?
target: what is the perimeter counter tops please? thank you. they look white but may have veining?
output: what is the perimeter counter tops please? i have a similar plan and i want to do something similar in my kitchen. this is a great idea!

input: what is the brand of hardwood floors and color?
target: what is the brand of hardwood floors and color? i am looking for a photo of lauzon hardwood . verona/maple
output: what is the brand of hardwood floors and color? i love the floors. what is the brand of hardwood floors and color?

input: what's the name of the tile you used for the backsplash?
target: backsplash . what's the name of the tile you used for the backsplash? love it.
output: backsplash. what's the name of the tile you used for the backsplash? thank you!

input: what equation do you use to figure out soffit width?
target: dimensions of soffit. what equation do you use to figure out soffit width? my kitchen will be 14' x 17'. what is the width of this soffit please.
output: dimensions of the island and countertop. what equation do you use to figure out soffit width? thank you!

input: from the wall and from the front of the cabinets?
target: tray ceiling dimensions. what distance does your tray ceiling come out? from the wall and from the front of the cabinets?
output: what is the distance between the cabinets and the cabinets? from the wall and from the front of the cabinets? what is the distance between the cabinets and the outside.

input: could you tell me the height to bottom of soffit and height of ceiling?
target: ceiling looks great! could you tell me the height to bottom of soffit and height of ceiling? thanks.
output: ceiling height. could you tell me the height to bottom of soffit and height of ceiling? thanks!

input: what's the dimension of the island and the lower overhang?
target: island . what's the dimension of the island and the lower overhang? love that idea!
output: island dimensions. what's the dimension of the island and the lower overhang? thanks!

input: and what is the counter on the exterior?
target: color of wall and counters . what is the paint color on the wall? and what is the counter on the exterior? beautifully done!
output: what is the counter on the exterior? and what is the counter on the exterior? thank you!

input: is there a pantry somewhere as well?
target: pantry . is there a pantry somewhere as well? thank you.
output: is there a pantry somewhere as well? love the pantry! thank you!

input: can you tell me the dimensions for this kitchen?
target: kitchen size . can you tell me the dimensions for this kitchen? please and thank you!
output: dimensions. can you tell me the dimensions for this kitchen? thanks!

input: hello what colour are the darker bench tops.
target: hello what colour are the darker bench tops. i'm not sure if their a brown or black. much thanks. amazing kitchen. i love the contrast of the dark bench tops( query brown or black) with the marble grey bench.
output: hello what colour are the darker bench tops. i would love to know the colour of the bench tops. thank you.

input: tiny bit different layout, but your picture explains what i see in my head.
target: pendant lighting . doing a full kitchen remodel and had almost the same vision!! tiny bit different layout, but your picture explains what i see in my head. thank you so very much for sharing your work on houzz! i have searched and searched the internet to find these pendants with the info you had given to another person earlier. would you be able to locate the style name? definitely is the freejack flush mount system, but i cannot even come close to finding the full round clear globe. any info would be greatly appreciated. again, thanks for sharing the beautiful work!
output: size of backsplash. tiny bit different layout, but your picture explains what i see in my head. i'm guessing this is the same layout i am in the picture but i'm guessing it is the 6x6 size. thanks!

input: what brand is the range?
target: gorgeous kitchen!! what brand is the range? full 8 burners?
output: range. what brand is the range? is it a refrigerator?

input: when remodel is finished i'll post a picture for you to see.
target: thank you . thank you leslie, for a very gorgeous kitchen design inspiration! cabinet color, and oh.those glass hardware, i loved so much, although very expensive, but i indulged and got them. when remodel is finished i'll post a picture for you to see. thanx again.
output: thank you. when remodel is finished i'll post a picture for you to see. thank you!

input: hi, do you have the window dimensions and brand/style number?
target: dimensions of window . hi, do you have the window dimensions and brand/style number? love it.
output: dimensions. hi, do you have the window dimensions and brand/style number? thanks!

input: can you share the details?
target: hi leslie! love the stools and backsplash. can you share the details?
output: love the chairs! can you share the details? thank you!

input: what brand and color of paint was used and what finish?
target: cabinet paint color . what brand and color of paint was used and what finish? thanks!
output: cabinets. what brand and color of paint was used and what finish? thanks

input: is the tile attached to the back of the cabinets or is the cabinets secured to the tiles wall with only the frame for support?
target: cabinet tile design . so gorgeous!! is the tile attached to the back of the cabinets or is the cabinets secured to the tiles wall with only the frame for support?
output: is the tile attached to the back of the cabinets or is the cabinets secured to the tiles wall with only the frame for support? what is the tile name? what is the name of this kitchen?

input: is the cabinet molding commercially available?
target: beautiful design! love the cabinets. love everything about this kitchen! is the cabinet molding commercially available?
output: cabinet molding. is the cabinet molding commercially available? what is the name of?

input: what is the cabinet hardware?
target: beautiful kitchen! what is the cabinet hardware? thanks for your help!
output: what is the cabinet hardware? what is the cabinet hardware? thank you!

input: what is the approximate cost of this top?
target: cost of counter top . this is beautiful! what is the approximate cost of this top? maintenance? thanks.
output: cost of counter top. what is the approximate cost of this top? thank you

input: hello we are looking for a similar style for out kitchen and would like to know where they are from.
target: where are the handles on the cabinets from . hello we are looking for a similar style for out kitchen and would like to know where they are from. thank you!
output: where are the stools from? hello we are looking for a similar style for out kitchen and would like to know where they are from. thanks

input: what are the dimensions?
target: beautiful! what are the dimensions? wall, island, range, hood etc. i would love to know the dimensions of this kitchen— the measurement of wall with range, sink, island dimensions, range width, hood etc. thank you!
output: what are the dimensions? i love this kitchen! what are the dimensions?

input: could you tell me the cabinet maker?
target: what's the cabinet maker? i live in bay area and really love your design of this kitchen. could you tell me the cabinet maker?
output: cabinet maker? could you tell me the cabinet maker? thank you!

input: however when that color comes up online, it's not the same color as your island.
target: island color . christine sheldon design, i noticed you answered someone's post and said the color was hearthstone by benjamin moore so i looked it up online. i want to get a sample of it so i can take it to my cabinet designer. however when that color comes up online, it's not the same color as your island. please help.
output: island color. i love this color! however when that color comes up online, it's not the same color as your island.

input: what brand/style cabinets are these please?
target: what brand/style cabinets are these please? would love to know the brand! thanks!
output: what brand/style cabinets are these please? i love the cabinets! thank you!

input: i would love to know the line of cabinet hardware and where we could find it.
target: cabinet pulls . i would love to know the line of cabinet hardware and where we could find it. thanks!
output: what is the line of cabinet hardware? i would love to know the line of cabinet hardware and where we could find it. thanks

input: do you know what size the pendants are?
target: pendants . do you know what size the pendants are? 17" or 14"? we have 9' ceilings and are leaning towards the 17".
output: pendants. do you know what size the pendants are? thank you!

input: how tall are the ceilings?
target: ceiling . how tall are the ceilings? thanks.
output: how tall are the ceilings? i love this kitchen! thank you.

input: what is paint color on island?
target: what is paint color on island? this kitchen looks exactly like the picture in my mind for the lake house we are building. so beautiful!
output: what is paint color on island? i love this kitchen! what is paint color on island?

input: what color would you describe these floors?
target: floors . what color would you describe these floors? thanks
output: floors. what color would you describe these floors? thank you.

input: can you tell me where the pendant lights are from?
target: pendant light . can you tell me where the pendant lights are from? thanks.
output: pendant lights. can you tell me where the pendant lights are from? thank you!

input: where did you get the barstool?
target: kitchen barstools . it's a beautiful kitchen. where did you get the barstool? thanks!
output: where did you get the barstool? love it! where did you get the barstool? thanks!

input: hi, what kind of flooring (brand and species) was used in this kitchen?
target: flooring . hi, what kind of flooring (brand and species) was used in this kitchen? thanks!
output: flooring. hi, what kind of flooring(brand and species) was used in this kitchen? thanks!

input: where can it be purchased?
target: great rug! where can it be purchased? thanks
output: i love the chair. where can it be purchased? thank you.

input: also, what is the size of the cup pulls?
target: hardware size . also, what is the size of the cup pulls? looks like 3 or 4 inches? thank you!
output: what is the size of the cup pulls? also, what is the size of the cup pulls? thank you!

input: polished chrome, polished nickel, or satin nickel?
target: hardware finish . you mentioned the hardware is from rh. what is the finish of the hardware? polished chrome, polished nickel, or satin nickel? thank you!
output: polished chrome, polished nickel, or satin nickel? what brand of nickel did you use? i'm trying to figure out if this is the best option for my kitchen. thanks.

input: i love the counters against the wall and saw that you named the granite, but can you tell me what finish they did?
target: granite finish . you have done a fabulous job answering all these questions! thank you. i love the counters against the wall and saw that you named the granite, but can you tell me what finish they did? it doesn't appear polished. which i like.
output: granite finish. i love the counters against the wall and saw that you named the granite, but can you tell me what finish they did? thank you!

input: i don't think the details on the image are for the rug shown.
target: love this rug . i don't think the details on the image are for the rug shown. can you please tell me where you got it? thanks
output: what is the rug? i don't think the details on the image are for the rug shown. is it a rug?

input: can you access the freezer drawer while standing between the bench and fridge?
target: what is the distance between the fridge and bench? can you access the freezer drawer while standing between the bench and fridge? seems like a very practical set up. i would love to know if we have enough space to replicate this design.
output: what is the distance between the bench and bench? can you access the freezer drawer while standing between the bench and fridge? thank you!

input: or perhaps this is a factory finish?
target: how did they paint the cabinets? is it enameled and then laquered? that is a great finish with a lot of sheen. i've seen sprayed enameled cabinets . but nothing like this. curious about the process so i can ask my painter to do the same. or perhaps this is a factory finish?
output: what is the finish on the cabinets? i am currently trying to do a similar look for my kitchen cabinets. i'm trying to do this. i'm guessing the finish is a black, white, black. or perhaps this is a factory finish? thank you!

input: basic white subway with a black tile design?
target: tile back splash . beautiful kitchen! what is the tile on the backsplash? basic white subway with a black tile design?
output: tile backsplash. basic white subway with a black tile design? what is the tile? where can i get it?

input: looking to do something similar here at home, however most of the closet suppliers i've talked to offer something akin to an ikea style closet system.
target: pantry design . love your kitchen layout! wondering who built your pantry shelving system and what type of wood was used? the outer edge looks like it's close to 1.5" thick, is that correct? looking to do something similar here at home, however most of the closet suppliers i've talked to offer something akin to an ikea style closet system.
output: is the cabinet door custom made? looking to do something similar here at home, however most of the closet suppliers i've talked to offer something akin to an ikea style closet system.

input: i could spend my whole day here and not want to leave.
target: how to design a kitchen 101. . not a question . observation! this kitchen is restful. compatible with appliances. i would sigh in a kitchen like this. i could spend my whole day here and not want to leave. it's not overdone or busy. kudos on simplicity with elegance.
output: what is the wall color? i would like to see the wall color in this picture. i could spend my whole day here and not want to leave.

input: what is the distance between the cook top and island?
target: dimension . what is the distance between the cook top and island? thanks
output: what is the distance between the cook top and island? i love this! what is the distance between the cook top and island? thank you!

input: would you mind telling me the make and model?
target: hood? i like the shape of the hood. would you mind telling me the make and model? thank you
output: i love the range. would you mind telling me the make and model? thank you!

input: is this built in or have to be taken out for use?
target: placement of micro . love the pantry! am looking for micro placement for older kitchen "facelift" . is this built in or have to be taken out for use? thanks
output: is this built in or have to be taken out for use? what is the cost of this kitchen to use in this? i have a client that wants this type of kitchen. i'm hoping it's the same. thanks!

input: can you please tell me brand and type of wood floor?
target: floor . can you please tell me brand and type of wood floor? beautiful!!
output: floor. can you please tell me brand and type of wood floor? thank you!

input: please advise what type.
target: flooring . beautiful floors! please advise what type. thanks!
output: what type of wood floors? please advise what type. thanks

input: could you tell me the name of the granite used in this kitchen?
target: could you tell me the name of the granite used in this kitchen? thx . trying to re.do a kitchen
output: could you tell me the name of the granite used in this kitchen? i love it! thank you!

input: could you tell me the name of counter of the island?
target: love it! could you tell me the name of counter of the island? thanks
output: could you tell me the name of counter of the island? thank you! could you tell me the name of counter of the island? thank you!

input: do you think i should break it up??
target: handles . my kitchen designer wants to put handles no knobs on all cabinets. do you think i should break it up?? your kitchen is beautiful.
output: i'm planning on doing a similar project and i'm planning on using this color for my kitchen remodel. do you think i should break it up? ? i'm thinking of something similar.

input: do you think i should break it up??
target: handles . my kitchen designer wants to put handles no knobs on all cabinets. do you think i should break it up?? your kitchen is beautiful.
output: i'm planning on doing a similar project and i'm planning on using this color for my kitchen remodel. do you think i should break it up? ? i'm thinking of something similar.

input: what is the height of the crown moulding trim?
target: beautiful kitchen. love the floor to ceiling cabinets. what is the height of the crown moulding trim?
output: crown moulding. what is the height of the crown moulding trim? i have a similar ceiling and am trying to figure out if this is a good fit for my kitchen. thank you!

input: where can i purchase the tile used on the backsplash behind the cooktop?
target: where can i purchase the tile used on the backsplash behind the cooktop? please send me an answer as soon as possible!! we're building and it is so close to the time that they will want to tile the kitchen!! yikes!!! thanks !! eleanor leeper eleeper@andrews.esc18.net
output: where can i purchase the tile used on the backsplash behind the cooktop? i love this kitchen! thank you!

input: where can i find the materials for this backsplash?
target: backsplash . where can i find the materials for this backsplash? i love everything about this kitchen!
output: backsplash. where can i find the materials for this backsplash? thanks!

input: i live in northern nj, do you have any recommendations on where i can find it?
target: what is the cost of this granite per sq. i have about 100 sq. ft. of counter space. i've searched on line and can't find a lot of info about honed snow white granite. i live in northern nj, do you have any recommendations on where i can find it? thanks so much!! i'm completely in love with this granite!
output: where did you purchase the table? i live in northern nj, do you have any recommendations on where i can find it? thanks!

input: could you please tell me the brand/name of the counter tops?
target: could you please tell me the brand/name of the counter tops? i've been searching for the perfect counter tops and i think these may be it!! what colors run through it?
output: could you please tell me the brand/name of the counter tops? thank you. i have a great idea on the kitchen! thank you!

input: can you tell me what tile and color was used.
target: can you tell me the tile color used. also information on the light fixtures. i love this kitchen. can you tell me what tile and color was used. also any information on the light fixtures.
output: tile. can you tell me what tile and color was used. thank you

input: could you please tell me the dimensions of the island?
target: could you please tell me the dimensions of the island? i know it seats five plus guests and i would love to have that for my kitchen! thanks!
output: dimensions. hello! could you please tell me the dimensions of the island? thank you!

input: what is the brand of the kitchen sink.
target: what is the brand of the kitchen sink. i love apron sinks. love the square style along the front.
output: what is the brand of the kitchen sink. i love the look of this kitchen. thanks. what is the brand of the kitchen sink.

input: what is the size of the fireplace hood?
target: fireplace hood . what is the size of the fireplace hood? beautiful .
output: what is the size of the fireplace hood? i love this kitchen! what is the size of the fireplace hood? thank you!

input: i found the lights on the website however they don't give you a clear picture of the different finishes.
target: lights . can you tell me what the finish is on the lights over the island. i found the lights on the website however they don't give you a clear picture of the different finishes.
output: lights. i found the lights on the website however they don't give you a clear picture of the different finishes. thank you.

input: what is the dimension of this kitchen?
target: what is the dimension of this kitchen? ceiling height? the 8x5 answer given previously seems small. is that co .
output: dimension. what is the dimension of this kitchen? thanks!

input: the 8x5 in ur previous answer seems smaller than what it looks :) thx
target: size . what is the dimension of the whole kitchen area and height? the 8x5 in ur previous answer seems smaller than what it looks :) thx
output: what size is the island? the 8x5 in ur previous answer seems smaller than what it looks: ) thx

input: what brand are the cabinets?
target: what brand are the cabinets? i haven't been able to find many that offer a pewter glaze. i love these!
output: what brand are the cabinets? i'm trying to figure out if these cabinets are real cabinets. thanks!

input: can you tell me what color is the wall paint that i can't tell from the photo here.
target: can you tell me what color is the wall paint that i can't tell from the photo here. it looks like pale mint green to me but it could be pale pewter. love the kitchen! thank you!
output: can you tell me what color is the wall paint that i can't tell from the photo here. i'm trying to decide which color to go with. thanks!

input: where can i find counter stools?
target: counter stools . where can i find counter stools? thank you
output: where can i find counter stools? please provide details on the placement and placement of the stools. thank you.

input: what are the dimentions of this kitchen?
target: what are the dimentions of this kitchen? of each wall? thanks so much!
output: what are the dimentions of this kitchen? i am planning on a subway subway subway system that won't have the upper cabinets. thanks!

input: where can i find them?
target: i love the lights !!! where can i find them? the kitchen is beautiful!
output: love the chairs. where can i find them? thanks!

input: i can’t seem to find this style hood anywhere.
target: where did you find the range hood? i can’t seem to find this style hood anywhere. thank you!
output: where did you get the hood? i can’t seem to find this style hood anywhere. thanks

input: what kind of wood is the butcher block?
target: butcher block . what kind of wood is the butcher block? thanks!
output: butcher block. what kind of wood is the butcher block? thanks

input: could you tell me the names?
target: beautiful square backsplash white tiles! could you tell me the names? thank you!
output: could you tell me the names? love the cabinets. i'm in love with this kitchen!

input: is there any lighting in this kitchen other than over island and in stove hood?
target: lighting . is there any lighting in this kitchen other than over island and in stove hood? i don't see any!!!!!
output: lighting. is there any lighting in this kitchen other than over island and in stove hood? i love this!

input: what brand are the counter stools.
target: counter stools . what brand are the counter stools. thank you .
output: what brand are the counter stools. thank you. i have a customer that wants these chairs. thanks

input: can you tell me how wide this slide out drawer is?
target: width of pull out door . can you tell me how wide this slide out drawer is? thank you.
output: width of slide out drawer. can you tell me how wide this slide out drawer is? thank you.

input: what model/maker is the counter top?
target: counter tops . what model/maker is the counter top? where can i find it?
output: counter top. what model/maker is the counter top? thank you

input: what is the backsplash manufacturer / name, please?
target: backsplash . beautiful! what is the backsplash manufacturer / name, please?
output: backsplash. what is the backsplash manufacturer/name, please? thank you!

input: nice kitchen, what is the name of the hardware pulls?
target: nice kitchen, what is the name of the hardware pulls? which brand if y . nice kitchen, what is the name of the hardware pulls? which brand if you don't mind.
output: nice kitchen, what is the name of the hardware pulls? i love the hardware pulls. where can i get them?

input: could you please let me know the exact name of this color and where i can purchase it?
target: kitchen cabinets . very beautiful cabinets color. could you please let me know the exact name of this color and where i can purchase it?
output: what is the name of this island? could you please let me know the exact name of this color and where i can purchase it? thank you!

input: what is the floor?
target: beautiful . what is the floor? is that slate?
output: what is the floor? is it wood? what is the floor?

input: what is the wall covering in the room to the left?
target: wall covering . what is the wall covering in the room to the left? great color scheme!
output: what is the wall covering in the room to the left? is it a covering? what is the wall covering in the room to the left?

input: where did you find the cabinet hardware?
target: hardware . where did you find the cabinet hardware? what is its name? i love these but have not been able to find anything remotely close.
output: where did you find the cabinet hardware? love it! love it!

input: may i know what counter tops you used for both the black and white?
target: counter tops . hello, love the kitchen! may i know what counter tops you used for both the black and white? thank you!
output: what counter tops are these? may i know what counter tops you used for both the black and white? thank you!

input: an you tell me dimensions of the island, one piece of stone, correct?
target: kellya . an you tell me dimensions of the island, one piece of stone, correct? thanks.
output: island dimensions. an you tell me dimensions of the island, one piece of stone, correct? thank you!

input: were they custom built and painted by the cabinet company?
target: i am stuck! how did you create the corner posts on the island? were they custom built and painted by the cabinet company? please help.
output: cabinet doors. were they custom built and painted by the cabinet company? they are beautiful!

input: can you tell me where you got the lighting over the island ?
target: lighting . can you tell me where you got the lighting over the island ? thank you
output: lighting. can you tell me where you got the lighting over the island? thank you

input: what is the stain and type?
target: floor stain . floors look very rich next to cabinetry. what is the stain and type? thank you!
output: what is the stain and type? love it! what is the stain and type?

input: can you tell me what the fireplace finish material is?
target: fireplace finish . beautiful design. can you tell me what the fireplace finish material is? thank you.
output: fireplace finish. can you tell me what the fireplace finish material is? thank you!

input: what’s the height of the ceiling?
target: such gorgeous place . what’s the height of the ceiling? thanks
output: ceiling. what’s the height of the ceiling? thanks

input: what finishes do the come in?
target: pendant lights . who makes them? what finishes do the come in?
output: what finishes do the come in? i love this kitchen! what finishes do the come in?

input: the rail is the raised piece on the door and looks somewhere between 2.3 inches.
target: can you measure the rail around the shaker cabinet door? the rail is the raised piece on the door and looks somewhere between 2.3 inches. would love to know the exact. these are beautiful!
output: rail. the rail is the raised piece on the door and looks somewhere between 2.3 inches. i love this!

input: did you carry the same kitchen color/molding color throughout the entire house?
target: crown molding question! did you carry the same kitchen color/molding color throughout the entire house? our cabinets are an ivory andamp. debating running that color or a more white choice in other rooms?!!
output: what is the molding color? did you carry the same kitchen color/molding color throughout the entire house? thank you!

input: what is the wall color, please?
target: wall color . what is the wall color, please? thank you!
output: wall color. what is the wall color, please? thank you!

input: could you please provide information about the pendant lights?
target: pendant lights . could you please provide information about the pendant lights? manufacturer etc. thanks!
output: pendant lights. could you please provide information about the pendant lights? thank you!

input: is it difficult to operate double hung windows with this type of placement?
target: double hung windows above sink . is it difficult to operate double hung windows with this type of placement? im designing my kitchen now and plan 3 windows above sink.i don't want to use awning/crank.out windows. thanks!
output: double hung windows above sink. is it difficult to operate double hung windows with this type of placement? i have a similar layout and am trying to figure out how to do this in my kitchen. i'm worried it will not work in this design.

input: i love how it blends so well with the cabinets!
target: cabinet register . where did you get the cabinet register? i love how it blends so well with the cabinets!
output: cabinetry blend. i love how it blends so well with the cabinets! thank you!

input: i am in the initial stages if building and would love to know what kind if refrigerator is installed and what kind if panel system you used?
target: panel fridge . beautiful kitchen!! i am in the initial stages if building and would love to know what kind if refrigerator is installed and what kind if panel system you used? thank you!
output: what is the panel system? i am in the initial stages if building and would love to know what kind if refrigerator is installed and what kind if panel system you used? thank you!

input: where is it from?
target: love the chair fabric. where is it from? i love the fabric you selected for the chairs. who makes it? many thanks! best, kathleen
output: i love the flooring! where is it from? what is it?

input: do you remember the size of the pulls?
target: love the panelled frig. do you remember the size of the pulls? thanks
output: love the pulls. do you remember the size of the pulls? what size are they?

input: what material is the island countertop?
target: island countertop . beautiful work. what material is the island countertop? thank you!
output: what material is the island countertop? is it granite? what material is the island countertop?

input: what is the approximate sq footage of this space?
target: beautiful kitchen! what is the approximate sq footage of this space? thanks!
output: what is the approximate sq footage of this space? i love this space. what is the approximate sq footage of this space?

input: what brand is your fridge?
target: fridge . what brand is your fridge? thank you
output: fridge. what brand is your fridge? thank you.

input: where are the hardware on the cabinets from?
target: hardware on the cabinets . i love this kitchen! where are the hardware on the cabinets from? thank you!
output: where are the hardware on the cabinets from? i love this kitchen! i'm in love with this. it is my inspiration for my kitchen!

input: i some day plan on getting my parents a little get.away house when i have enough money and this kitchen theme has my mom's name all over it.
target: how expensive was the stone, and a single beam from the ceiling? i am only 22 and love houzz for just getting ideas and this is my favorite kitchen i've seen (and there's been many that i love). but of course cost comes into play with all of this, so i was just curious on how much the stone cost? this rustic, cabin.like feel is my favorite style. i some day plan on getting my parents a little get.away house when i have enough money and this kitchen theme has my mom's name all over it.
output: what is the name of this island? i have a client that wants this island and this is my favorite kitchen. i some day plan on getting my parents a little get. away house when i have enough money and this kitchen theme has my mom's name all over it. thank you!

input: is there a boarder around the sheets or is that the way they were laid?
target: need more info on backsplash . i understand the backsplash is made of iron cookie sheets. we are gc's in kernersville, nc and have a customer that wants the same look. could you please send us more detail info about this. size of cookie sheets? is there a boarder around the sheets or is that the way they were laid? how were they secured to the wall? any info you could send us would be so helpfull. or if you could put us in touch with the artist / designer that came up with this amazing backsplash. thank you!
output: is there a boarder around the sheets or is that the way they were laid? is there a boarder around the sheets or is that the way they were laid? is it a rug or something else?

input: this is going to be where the kids and my son coming home from malibu in the summer will be enjoying life and everything now a distant memory to double if not triple life seeedoh!!
target: can i plz get your measurements for my home i'm purchasing over winter . this is going to be where the kids and my son coming home from malibu in the summer will be enjoying life and everything now a distant memory to double if not triple life seeedoh!! when they expect it, is the sweetest of all!
output: what is the kitchen? this is the inspiration for my kitchen remodel. this is going to be where the kids and my son coming home from malibu in the summer will be enjoying life and everything now a distant memory to double if not triple life seeedoedoh! !

input: can you please tell me more about the cabinets and the wood around the island?
target: cabinets . can you please tell me more about the cabinets and the wood around the island? it's gorgeous! thanks !
output: cabinets. can you please tell me more about the cabinets and the wood around the island? thank you.

input: do there happen to be other photos of this kitchen somewhere (different angles, etc)?
target: huge fan of your projects! wondering about dimensions for this room? trying to duplicate this layout and would love to know more exact dimensions. did you stick to the typical 4ft walkthrough space? do there happen to be other photos of this kitchen somewhere (different angles, etc)? thanks in advance!
output: what are the angle of the cabinets? i am planning on doing this in our new house. do there happen to be other photos of this kitchen somewhere(different angles, etc) ? thanks!

input: what kind of hood is over the cooktop (inside the stone)?
target: what kind of hood? what kind of hood is over the cooktop (inside the stone)? i'm building something similar and i'm trying to figure out hood options that won't hang down too low. thank you.
output: what kind of hood is over the cooktop(inside the stone) ? what is the material? what is the stain?

input: is this refrigerator builtin or counter depth?
target: need help with my kitchen refrigerator . is this refrigerator builtin or counter depth? what width?
output: is this refrigerator builtin or counter depth? what is the depth of the bottom and bottom of the bottom? is this refrigerator builtin or counter depth?

input: can you tell me what stone it is and how thick?
target: love the fireplace! can you tell me what stone it is and how thick? what is the grout? any other useful tips? thanks!
output: love the flooring! can you tell me what stone it is and how thick? thank you!

input: will you share how the stone is supported over the cabinets?
target: katie . this is the most beautiful kitchen i have ever seen! will you share how the stone is supported over the cabinets? i want to do this in my kitchen.
output: love this! will you share how the stone is supported over the cabinets? thank you!

input: who makes those beautiful, chunky pulls on the fridge doors?
target: who makes those beautiful, chunky pulls on the fridge doors? is the surrounding cabinetry hardware from the same line? thanks!
output: who makes those beautiful, chunky pulls on the fridge doors? who makes those beautiful, chunky pulls on the fridge doors? who makes them? what is the name of them?

input: where is it from?
target: light . we are looking for a light fixture like that. where is it from?
output: i love the flooring! where is it from? what is it?

input: is this refrigerator considered built in or fully integrated?
target: another refrigerator question . is this refrigerator considered built in or fully integrated? i'm trying to understand the difference between the two.
output: is this refrigerator considered built in or fully integrated? i have a similar question and am trying to decide whether to go with the pull out or the" integrated" . i have a similar question and am concerned about how to install the pull out. i am worried that the pull out would not come close to being a" " pull" . is this refrigerator considered built in? thank you!

input: what is the width of the frame on the cabinet doors?
target: cabinets . what is the width of the frame on the cabinet doors? it is wider than i normally see and i like it. thank you
output: what is the width of the frame on the cabinet doors? this is a beautiful kitchen! thank you!

input: what height is the ceiling?
target: ceiling height? this is a beautiful kitchen! the colors are great. what height is the ceiling?
output: ceiling. what height is the ceiling? thanks

input: are they the benchwright collection or are they from somewhere else?
target: i love the chairs with the dining table! are they the benchwright collection or are they from somewhere else? thanks!
output: cabinets. are they the benchwright collection or are they from somewhere else? thanks!

input: what tile was used for the backsplash?
target: amazing kitchen! what tile was used for the backsplash? such inspiration!
output: backsplash. what tile was used for the backsplash? it looks like it's glass or glass?

input: do the lights over the counter cause weird shadows on the ceiling?
target: hundi lanters and shadows on ceiling? do the lights over the counter cause weird shadows on the ceiling? we just installed the hundi semi.flush mount in the center of our kitchen and found the shadows to be sort of harsh. do the recessed lights help with that?
output: ceiling. do the lights over the counter cause weird shadows on the ceiling? what are the dimensions of this room?

input: where is it from?
target: i love the table! where is it from? beautiful kitchen!
output: i love the flooring! where is it from? what is it?

input: do you have a make and model, by chance?
target: love the pendants over the island. do you have a make and model, by chance? thank you!
output: love the pendant lights! do you have a make and model, by chance? thank you!

input: what are the brand and color of the pulls and nobs on the cabinets?
target: kitchen pulls . hello, lovely job on this kitchen. what are the brand and color of the pulls and nobs on the cabinets? thanks!
output: what are the brand and color of the pulls and nobs on the cabinets? i love this kitchen! what are the brand and color of the pulls and nobs on the cabinets? thanks!

input: was the dimension including space for the table?
target: kitchen dimensions . love the kitchen. you gave the dimension to a previous question. was the dimension including space for the table? thanks for taking time to answer all questions.
output: dimensions. this is a beautiful kitchen! i'm in love with this. we're in the middle of a project. was the dimension including space for the table?

input: would you mind sharing what color grout was used on backsplash?
target: would you mind sharing what color grout was used on backsplash? i love how it blends in with the tile! i have similar color glass tiles i am using but haven't picked a grout color yet.
output: backsplash grout color. would you mind sharing what color grout was used on backsplash? thanks

input: where did you find the large pendant lights over the island?
target: beautiful kitchen! where did you find the large pendant lights over the island? love them!
output: where did you find the large pendant lights over the island? i love them! thank you!

input: where can i get them?
target: pendants . pendants??? where can i get them?
output: love the chairs. where can i get them? thanks

input: glass, stone or ceramic?
target: tile backsplash. glass, stone or ceramic? on my pc it reads ivory but please pass on the manufacturer, color, etc. i love it andamp. will follow through to see a sample. it may really enhance my kitchen which is similar to this one in many ways.
output: glass, stone or ceramic? what is the color/name? thanks

input: where are they from?
target: chandeliers . chandeliers over kitchen counter. where are they from?
output: chandeliers. where are they from? chandeliers?

input: can you tell me the brand of this cabinet?
target: cabinet source? this is the exact pantry cabinet i need for my small kitchen which was destroyed by hurricane florence. we had a deep cabinet with shelves that did not pull out and things got lost in the back. also, my spices took up too much space in our limited upper cabinets. this would solve both issues. can you tell me the brand of this cabinet? thank you!
output: cabinet. can you tell me the brand of this cabinet? thank you!

input: would you share the cabinet color and finish please.
target: cabinets . beautiful design! would you share the cabinet color and finish please.
output: cabinet color and finish. would you share the cabinet color and finish please. thanks!

input: would like to order similar shelves.
target: maker of the shelves? would like to order similar shelves. who made them? thank you.
output: would like to order similar shelves. thank you. would like to order similar shelves. thank you!

input: where did you get the black wall lights?
target: where did you get the black wall lights? we are planning our kitchen remodel and it will have a similar style . the lights are perfect and i would love to track them down.
output: where did you get the black wall lights? i love this kitchen! i'm in love with this!

input: can you supply the name of the vendor and any contact info, please?
target: brackets holding shelves? what are the black brackets called holding the shelves in place? can you supply the name of the vendor and any contact info, please? thank you.
output: can you supply the name of the vendor and any contact info, please? i love the layout and layout! thank you!

input: is the door painted with something to create a blackboard ?
target: blackboard door . is the door painted with something to create a blackboard ? really like the concept.
output: door painted with something to create a blackboard? this is a beautiful kitchen! i'm in love with this. it is my inspiration!

input: what is the color on the wall?
target: what is the color on the wall? it's subtle, but you can see the color. love it
output: what is the color on the wall? it's beautiful!

input: what style of microwave is this .
target: type of microwave . what style of microwave is this . drawer, drop.down or swing door?
output: what style of microwave is this. is it sealed or sealed? what is the seal?

input: hi what are the dimensions of the island?
target: dimensions of island . hi what are the dimensions of the island? it looks 4x10’
output: island dimensions. hi what are the dimensions of the island? thanks

input: can you tell me what the backsplash tile is?
target: backsplash tile? can you tell me what the backsplash tile is? thanks!
output: backsplash. can you tell me what the backsplash tile is? thanks

input: distance from the cabinet underneath to the edge of the stone?
target: how deep is the overhang on your island? distance from the cabinet underneath to the edge of the stone? legroom? thank you
output: distance from the cabinet underneath to the edge of the stone? what is the dimension of this space? what is the dimension of this?

input: can you please post some closer up pictures of the two near each other?
target: closer up pics of backsplash and countertops . i am planning on the same backsplash for my kitchen. thinking of using cambria torquay as well. can you please post some closer up pictures of the two near each other? is it a busy look where they meet?
output: closer up pics of backsplash and doors. can you please post some closer up pictures of the two near each other? this is a beautiful kitchen!

input: what is the color of the island?
target: what is the color of the island? gorgeous color planning. nice pop of color
output: what is the color of the island? i love this! what is the color of the island? thanks

input: is that a prep sink in front of the windows?
target: i like this layout, but i'm a little confused. is that a prep sink in front of the windows? if so, where is the main sink? also, where is the dishwasher?
output: is that a prep sink in front of the windows? looks like a pantry. what is the name of this pantry?

input: how long is the long kitchen wall not including dining room?
target: length of long kitchen wall and size of window? how wide is the triple window? how long is the long kitchen wall not including dining room? thank you!
output: length of kitchen wall. how long is the long kitchen wall not including dining room? i have a similar wall and am trying to decide whether to go with the traditional layout.

input: i know you shared the paint color, but i’m wondering what it is that you see?
target: love this kitchen! i love this design! thank you for answering questions. could you settle a debate in our house? we both love this kitchen, but i see the island as a blue.grey. my husband sees a brown.grey. so we keep debating whether the island is blue or brown. i know you shared the paint color, but i’m wondering what it is that you see?
output: paint color. i know you shared the paint color, but i’m wondering what it is that you see? thanks!

input: it was mentioned that the color is smoke but who makes the paint?
target: who makes the island paint color . it was mentioned that the color is smoke but who makes the paint? benjamin moore smoke is much lighter so just want to know. i woukd love to find that paint color for my island. thanks
output: cabinet paint. it was mentioned that the color is smoke but who makes the paint? thanks

input: i know the island color is “smoke”, but can you tell us what brand?
target: what brand is the paint? i know the island color is “smoke”, but can you tell us what brand? benjamin moore, sherwin williams?
output: what brand is the island color? i know the island color is“smoke”, but can you tell us what brand? thanks

input: what is the island paint color?
target: island paint color . what is the island paint color? how about the base cabinets?
output: island paint color. what is the island paint color? thank you!

input: i am trying to figure out what size island i need to fit 4 swivel chairs comfortably.
target: what is the island size? i am trying to figure out what size island i need to fit 4 swivel chairs comfortably. what size is this island? gorgeous!
output: what is the island size? i am trying to figure out what size island i need to fit 4 swivel chairs comfortably. thanks

input: where can i buy the barstools .
target: bar stools . where can i buy the barstools . k love them
output: where can i buy the barstools. i love the barstools. where can i buy them. thanks

input: hi, i was wondering what the length and width of the cabinets shown here is, as well as the island?
target: sizes? hi, i was wondering what the length and width of the cabinets shown here is, as well as the island? thanks!
output: cabinets. hi, i was wondering what the length and width of the cabinets shown here is, as well as the island? thanks!

input: if so what color and finish?
target: type of flooring? is this hardwood. if so what color and finish? love it!
output: cabinets. are the cabinets custom? if so what color and finish?

input: can you tell me the name and manufacturer for the kitchen wall tile?
target: love the tile on the back kitchen wall. can you tell me the name and manufacturer for the kitchen wall tile? your work is beautiful!
output: kitchen wall tile. can you tell me the name and manufacturer for the kitchen wall tile? thank you

input: i was wondering if the island and countertop surfaces were the same?
target: what type of surface is the countertop? i was wondering if the island and countertop surfaces were the same? i love the island color!
output: what is the island color? i was wondering if the island and countertop surfaces were the same? thanks

input: can you provide sources and names of paint shades used?
target: paint shades . can you provide sources and names of paint shades used? cabinets, island, walls, trim. thanks
output: paint shades. can you provide sources and names of paint shades used? thank you!

input: would you please take a minute to reply?
target: bar stools . hi lisa, i'm sure you are very busy. i love your work and sense of color and balance. i ask for information on the bar stools in this kitchen. would you please take a minute to reply? i see others have requested it as well. thank you for your help. linda
output: would you please take a minute to reply? i'm in love with this kitchen! thank you!

input: is that a microwave in the island?
target: is that a microwave in the island? what is the name of this granite? what is the name of this granite?
output: is that a microwave in the island? what is the name of the island? what is the name of this island?

input: are the corbels on the hood fan custom made or can they be purchased?
target: are the corbels on the hood fan custom made or can they be purchased? looking to purchase these corbels are they available to buy? love your work. very elegant with great proportion.
output: corbels on the hood fan custom made or can they be purchased? i love everything about this kitchen! are the corbels on the hood fan custom made or can they be purchased? what is the price and what size?

input: is it polished nickel or satin nickel?
target: where did you get the hardware? is it polished nickel or satin nickel? need pulls and knobs! would love info on these!
output: is it polished nickel or satin nickel? what brand of nickel is this? i love the look!

input: where are these gorgeous lights from above island?
target: need help with lighting for island . where are these gorgeous lights from above island? exactly what i'm looking for.
output: where are these gorgeous lights from above island? i love the pendant lights! where do they get them?

input: where can i find them?
target: question about pulls? love those pulls? where can i find them?
output: love the chairs. where can i find them? thanks!

input: i am curious where she got them.thanks!!
target: island lights . i see it is mentioned that your designer picked out your island lights. i am curious where she got them.thanks!!
output: where did she get those lights? i am curious where she got them. thanks! !

input: where can i order these cabinets?
target: where can i order these cabinets? love them! need to order cabinets now.thx!
output: where can i order these cabinets? please provide details on the order. i have a customer that wants these cabinets. thank you.

input: could you please confirm me the size of the tile used for this beautiful farm house kitchen?
target: size of backsplash tile . i'm in love with this backsplash look! could you please confirm me the size of the tile used for this beautiful farm house kitchen? thanks!
output: size of backsplash tile. could you please confirm me the size of the tile used for this beautiful farm house kitchen? thank you!

input: can you confirm the size of the tile?
target: subway tile dimension . can you confirm the size of the tile? i read in your answer it's 2x4? looks larger than that.
output: backsplash. can you confirm the size of the tile? is it 4x6? thanks

input: i was wondering if your client has a busy household (as in, lots of finger prints) and how the counters have done in that environment?
target: has the client liked suede silestone counters? this kitchen is just beautiful. we're remodeling ours and interested in many components of this design. thank you for being so responsive . the comments have been hugely helpful. i was wondering if your client has a busy household (as in, lots of finger prints) and how the counters have done in that environment? the matte look is beautiful, but wondering about the maintenance vs. polished. also, is the island also a matte finish? i can't seem the "promenade" color referenced by silestone thanks so much . really beautiful work!
output: handles. i was wondering if your client has a busy household(as in, lots of finger prints) and how the counters have done in that environment? thanks!

input: would you kindly share hood model details.
target: great look! would you kindly share hood model details. thank you!
output: hood. would you kindly share hood model details. thank you!

input: do you have a source?
target: light over the sink . hi great space. thanks for sharing and answering everyone's questions. i read through and didn't see a question on the light fixture over the sink. do you have a source? thanks so much you are a talented designer!
output: light fixtures. i love the light fixtures. do you have a source?

input: what brand and model is your faucet, filtration, and pot filler?
target: faucet . what brand and model is your faucet, filtration, and pot filler? beautiful!
output: faucet. what brand and model is your faucet, filtration, and pot filler? thanks!

input: could you tell me the color of this grout please?
target: grout color? could you tell me the color of this grout please? thank you!
output: grout color. could you tell me the color of this grout please? thank you!

input: cabinet material: solid wood or fiberboard?
target: cabinet material: solid wood or fiberboard? i love the look you've achieved here and am hoping to do something similar in our new home. cost isn't a factor so much as achieving the quality and aesthetic i want.
output: cabinet material: solid wood or fiberboard? what is the strength? thanks!

input: i have seen this shelving before but i cannot find a source for hooks and hangers.can you share?
target: nice open shelving . i have seen this shelving before but i cannot find a source for hooks and hangers.can you share? thanks.
output: hooks and hangers. i have seen this shelving before but i cannot find a source for hooks and hangers. can you share? thanks

input: is the cabinet lit with a light tucked in corner in the front?
target: inside glass doors . beautiful cabinet! does it have solid shelves or glass? is the cabinet lit with a light tucked in corner in the front? thank you.
output: is the cabinet lit with a light tucked in corner in the front? i love this kitchen!

input: can you tell us about the stools?
target: stools? can you tell us about the stools? brand, source? thank you!
output: stools. can you tell us about the stools? thank you

input: i have googled everything i can think of and cannot find these hooks.where are they available?
target: where did you get the wright iron shelf "hooks" ? i have googled everything i can think of and cannot find these hooks.where are they available? thanks!
output: hooks. i have googled everything i can think of and cannot find these hooks. where are they available? thanks!

input: what did you use to hang the open shelving?
target: open shelving . what did you use to hang the open shelving? looks like some kind of hook?
output: open shelving. what did you use to hang the open shelving? is it marble or quartz?

input: hello, would you know who would make a custom range hood like this for me?
target: range hood. hello, would you know who would make a custom range hood like this for me? thankx
output: range hood. hello, would you know who would make a custom range hood like this for me? thank you!

input: can you please share the color stain you used for the hood?
target: wood hood . can you please share the color stain you used for the hood? beautiful work!
output: color stain. can you please share the color stain you used for the hood? thank you.

input: can you provide details on the flooring?
target: can you provide details on the flooring? color and manufacturer ? beau . looks like wood. but is it tile?
output: can you provide details on the flooring? is it hardwood or engineered? what is the stain? what is the stain color?

input: what is the range hood covered with or is this paint.
target: range hood . what is the range hood covered with or is this paint. i love this.
output: range hood. what is the range hood covered with or is this paint. i love this range hood. where can i get it?

input: please provide specifics on it.it almost looks like cambria berkeley?
target: island counter? love the island countertop! please provide specifics on it.it almost looks like cambria berkeley?
output: what is the wall paint color? please provide specifics on it. it almost looks like cambria berkeley? thanks!

input: what is the countertop?
target: interested in countertop by the cupboards and stove . what is the countertop? what color? where to buy?
output: what is the countertop? is that granite? what is the countertop?

input: we are building a new house and i would like to know what type of floor and stain this is?
target: what type of hardwood floor? we are building a new house and i would like to know what type of floor and stain this is? thanks!
output: what type of wood floors are in this house? we are building a new house and i would like to know what type of floor and stain this is? thanks.

input: where can i find that backsplash?
target: backsplash! where can i find that backsplash? it's gorgeous!
output: where can i find that backsplash? what is the name of it? what is the name of the backsplash. it's beautiful!

input: we're out of west michigan, wondering who did the custom good work for you?
target: hood . loved this hood as well. we're out of west michigan, wondering who did the custom good work for you?
output: beautiful work! we're out of west michigan, wondering who did the custom good work for you? thank you!

input: can you please share the info on your counter tops?
target: beautiful kitchen! can you please share the info on your counter tops? both black and white. thank you!
output: can you share the info on your counter tops? i love the look on the counter tops. can you please share the info on your counter tops? thank you.

input: what color was used for the island and what material/color are the countertops?
target: kitchen remodel . great kitchen! what color was used for the island and what material/color are the countertops? if manufactured, what brand are they? thanks!
output: what color was used for the island and what material/color are the countertops? i love this kitchen!

input: can you please tell me who makes that range?
target: range . gorgeous kitchen! can you please tell me who makes that range?
output: range. can you please tell me who makes that range? thank you!

input: what are the dimensions of the window above the sink?
target: window dimensions? what are the dimensions of the window above the sink? and how high from the countertop or floor?
output: window dimensions. what are the dimensions of the window above the sink? thanks!

input: from where did you purchase the hood fan?
target: hood fan . from where did you purchase the hood fan? and roughly how much? i'm looking for one near chicago. thanks!
output: hood fan. from where did you purchase the hood fan? thank you!

input: what are the size of the cabinets with the glass top.
target: what is the height of the ceiling? i like the cabinets too. what are the size of the cabinets with the glass top. thank you
output: what are the size of the cabinets with the glass top. i love the glass topped cabinets. what are the size of the cabinets with the glass top. thank you

input: also, would like to know how the left side of backsplash was finished.
target: love the subway tile, brand/manufacture and color please? also, would like to know how the left side of backsplash was finished. thank you.
output: what is the left of the great divide between the two walls? also, would like to know how the left side of backsplash was finished. thank you.

input: i have the code but do not know how to put it onto my website.
target: how can i embed your logo on my website . i have the code but do not know how to put it onto my website. www.jmontgomery.com
output: what is the brand of the range? i have the code but do not know how to put it onto my website. what is the brand of the range hood?

input: do i need to go with a honed subway tile?
target: backsplash . i would love to know size and name of backsplash too. i'm leaning towards frosty carrina casesarstone for counter top for both my white cabinets on perimeter and on cherry island. i wanted white 3x6 polished subway tiles. do i need to go with a honed subway tile? thanks!
output: what is the stain on the walls? i am planning on using subway tile and this is my inspiration. i'm planning on doing it in my new home. do i need to go with a honed subway tile? what is the stain? what is the stain?

input: do you think this will work with the owl gray?
target: brass or not to brass? stunning design, i love this kitchen, it it the photo i keep coming back too. i have decided on owl gray for my cabinet colour after seeing your design but i really like brushed brass/brushed gold for the hardware and faucet. do you think this will work with the owl gray? stonington gray is my back up. thanks :)
output: owl gray. do you think this will work with the owl gray? thanks!

input: what would you suggest for tile a calcutta porcelain tile which is brighter white or a pulpis grey tile both 12x24.
target: i was thinking of doing a soft grey . i was thinking of using bm collingwood and using a dark maple lunar stain for the island. what would you suggest for tile a calcutta porcelain tile which is brighter white or a pulpis grey tile both 12x24. backsplash will be warm grey subway 3x6 and counters will be biluilders white quartz with some soft grey and clear flecks.
output: calcutta porcelain tile. what would you suggest for tile a calcutta porcelain tile which is brighter white or a pulpis grey tile both 12x24. thanks

input: do you find it stains: tomato sauce, tumeric, red wine?
target: white kitchen grout . do you find it stains: tomato sauce, tumeric, red wine? do you seal it?
output: tomato sauce. do you find it stains: tomato sauce, tumeric, red wine? thanks

input: do you have any pictures of the kitchen you did in grey owl?
target: paint colour . do you have any pictures of the kitchen you did in grey owl? i'm about to order cabinets in this colour but i'm worried it's not as dark as i want.
output: what is the wall colour? do you have any pictures of the kitchen you did in grey owl? thank you.

input: where do i find this tile?
target: backsplash . i am remodeling a kitchen and am planning on a white beveled subway tile. where do i find this tile?
output: tile. where do i find this tile? thanks

input: where did you get the glass inserts?
target: glass cabinets . where did you get the glass inserts? beautiful!
output: glass inserts. where did you get the glass inserts? what color/stain?

input: we are doing our kitchen with white subway tile, and i only like the look when the grout is white (not dark, when it looks like an actual subway).
target: grease and grout behind stove . hi there, beautiful kitchen! we are doing our kitchen with white subway tile, and i only like the look when the grout is white (not dark, when it looks like an actual subway). i'm concerned about how that will play out behind the stove when it comes to grease and such. i was doing some reading on epoxy grout but many people say it's just not worth it. have you run into issues with the grout darkening because of grease, and/or if not, did you use a special kind of grout? i'd like to keep my white grout white. anyone else with experience in this area, i welcome all comments/ideas thanks in advance!
output: subway tile. we are doing our kitchen with white subway subway tile, and i only like the look when the grout is white(not dark, when it looks like an actual subway) . thanks!

input: what color are the cabinets?
target: painting our kitchen cabinets . what color are the cabinets? wanting to paint our cabinets a light shade of gray
output: what color are the cabinets? i'm trying to decide which color to go with. thanks!

input: do you have any recollection of how this was constructed?
target: trim/crown over cabinets . is this 12 inch crown above the cabinets? i would like to replicate this in my kitchen. do you have any recollection of how this was constructed? what size trim on the top and bottom? thank you!
output: how was this pantry built? do you have any recollection of how this was constructed? thank you!

input: does the cabinet color match the tile exactly as it appears in the picture?
target: backsplash color? is it white or an off white grey color? does the cabinet color match the tile exactly as it appears in the picture? can't tell if the tiles are close to hazy skies color or white? thanks
output: backsplash. this is a beautiful kitchen! does the cabinet color match the tile exactly as it appears in the picture? thanks!

input: what is the finish on the cabinet pulls/knobs?
target: beautiful house! what is the finish on the cabinet pulls/knobs? thnx!
output: what is the finish on the cabinet pulls/knobs? this kitchen is amazing! what is the finish on the cabinet pulls/knobs?

input: i saw on another question that the tile is from ann sacks?
target: backsplash color and style name? i saw on another question that the tile is from ann sacks? which style (arden? davenport?) is it? what's the color name? what's the size (3x6?)? is it beveled? what color is the grout? thanks so much!
output: backsplash. i saw on another question that the tile is from ann sacks? thank you!

input: would you share the overall dimensions, and the size of the trim base at the bottom of the hood?
target: the hood is so perfect! would you share the overall dimensions, and the size of the trim base at the bottom of the hood? for the main panel, it looks like it is about 1 inch of trim going all around . is that correct? thanks in advance for your help.
output: would you share the overall dimensions, and the size of the trim base at the bottom of the hood? i'm planning on doing a similar project and plan to use trim base and trim base. thanks!

input: what would be an option other than wood floors.
target: floors . what would be an option other than wood floors. i really want white cabinets and light counters. my gc wants to use travertine . thanks in advance
output: what would be an option other than wood floors. i would like to know the wood floors in this kitchen. i have a similar plan and i want to replace them in my kitchen.

input: can you please tell me the cabinet color?
target: cabinet color? can you please tell me the cabinet color? thanks!
output: cabinet color. can you please tell me the cabinet color? thank you.

input: what size is the tile?
target: tile . what size is the tile? thanks
output: tile. what size is the tile? thanks

input: do you think a darker grout would look ok?
target: backsplash? i am considering this backsplash with marble countertops. do you think a darker grout would look ok?
output: backsplash. i am planning on a similar pattern for my kitchen. do you think a darker grout would look ok? thanks

input: where are they from?
target: stools . love the stools! where are they from? thank you!
output: chandeliers. where are they from? chandeliers?

input: i was wondering what trim color you picked out to go with the cabinet colors?
target: trim color . i was wondering what trim color you picked out to go with the cabinet colors? beautiful!!
output: trim color. i was wondering what trim color you picked out to go with the cabinet colors? thank you!

input: what was the ceiling height in this room?
target: love the pendant . what was the ceiling height in this room? hoping this pendant will work!
output: ceiling. what was the ceiling height in this room? thank you

input: do you know where i could find one like it?
target: i absolutely love the pendant. do you know where i could find one like it? thanks!
output: i am planning to buy a new home. do you know where i could find one like it? thanks

input: could you please tell me who makes the tile and what colour it is?
target: backsplash . hello, great house! could you please tell me who makes the tile and what colour it is? thanks
output: tile. could you please tell me who makes the tile and what colour it is? thank you.

input: would also like to know the color of the cabinets and the color of the walls in the other rooms, as i am in the same color range and have to decide.
target: what is the color of the cabinets and walls in main rooms? would also like to know the color of the cabinets and the color of the walls in the other rooms, as i am in the same color range and have to decide. thanks.
output: what is the color of the cabinets and walls in this room? would also like to know the color of the cabinets and the color of the walls in the other rooms, as i am in the same color range and have to decide. thank you!

input: what type of floor is this?
target: beautiful floors . what type of floor is this? what is the stain color?
output: what type of floor is this? is it wood or l. what is the stain?

input: what is the paint color on the far wall around the window?
target: paint color . gorgeous kitchen! what is the paint color on the far wall around the window? thank you!
output: paint color. what is the paint color on the far wall around the window? thanks

input: two questions: 1) can you confirm pullout clearances for each pullout (bellow countertop)?
target: pullout clearance and outlets? hi there, very functional design! two questions: 1) can you confirm pullout clearances for each pullout (bellow countertop)? what hardware was used? 2) are the outlets in a plug.mold under the cabinets? what's the clearance between the counter top and the bottom of the shelfs?
output: pullout clearance. what is the clearance between the countertop and the countertop? two questions: 1) can you confirm pullout clearances for each pullout(bellow countertop) ? thanks!

input: we’re putting in similarly sized cabinets and drawers but unsure of what size the pulls should be.
target: what size pulls did you use for the cabinets and the large drawers? we’re putting in similarly sized cabinets and drawers but unsure of what size the pulls should be. love the look here!
output: what size pulls are these? we’re putting in similarly sized cabinets and drawers but unsure of what size the pulls should be. thanks

input: can u tell me the size of the smaller cabinets above the uppers.
target: cabinet question . can u tell me the size of the smaller cabinets above the uppers. trying to decide whether to put glass in ours. thanks!
output: cabinet size. can u tell me the size of the smaller cabinets above the uppers. thank you

input: what finish did you put on it to make it durable?
target: island material? is the island walnut? what finish did you put on it to make it durable?
output: finish on island. what finish did you put on it to make it durable? thanks

input: would like to ask the designers if i use the bronze taps and bronze cabinet knobs in the kitchen do i have to carry this through out the house ie.
target: i love the bronze taps and knobs. would like to ask the designers if i use the bronze taps and bronze cabinet knobs in the kitchen do i have to carry this through out the house ie. door knobs, hinges etc.
output: handles. i love the handles on the cabinets. would like to ask the designers if i use the bronze taps and bronze cabinet knobs in the kitchen do i have to carry this through out the house ie. thank you!

input: where is the refrigerator in this kitchen?
target: where is the refrigerator in this kitchen? i have always heard the oven, sink and refrigerator need to be in a triangular position. does that really matter?
output: where is the refrigerator in this kitchen? i love this kitchen! please tell me where it is from. thanks!

input: what are the dimensions of this island?
target: island size . what are the dimensions of this island? thank you.
output: island. what are the dimensions of this island? thank you

input: what brand/stye are the cabinet knobs?
target: what brand/stye are the cabinet knobs? i love the cabinet handles. what is the brand and style of them. where can i get them? thanks.
output: what brand/stye are the cabinet knobs? what is the brand? what is the brand?

input: would love to know maker.
target: pantry/cabinet maker? love this ultra useful pantry design. would love to know maker.
output: i love the cabinet maker. would love to know maker. thanks.

input: want brand kitchen cabinet are they?
target: kathy asking about kitchen.cabinets . hello sarah, i love the inset cabinets. do you find the opening uniform all around the door, especially on the light colors. want brand kitchen cabinet are they? thank you
output: want brand kitchen cabinet are they? thank you.

input: where did they find the pulls for their drawers?
target: where did they find the pulls for their drawers? i need 4.5‘ pulls . having a hard time find 4.5” pulls for a transitional looking kitchen. any ideas?
output: where did they find the pulls for their drawers? i love this kitchen! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

input: can you tell me the color used on the cabinets please?
target: beautiful design. can you tell me the color used on the cabinets please? it matches the counters so well!
output: cabinets. can you tell me the color used on the cabinets please? thank you!

input: any available info on this backsplash?
target: i cannot find a distributer for this backsplash or pricing . any info . any available info on this backsplash?
output: any info on this backsplash? it's beautiful! any info on this backsplash?

input: i see the heights vary, are most 12.18"?
target: what are the depth of the shelves? i see the heights vary, are most 12.18"? thank you
output: what size is the pantry? i see the heights vary, are most 12.18" ? thank you!

input: is this melamine?
target: melamine vs mdf . is this melamine? thanks
output: is this melamine? what is the name of the countertop? is this melamine?

input: what would you say the dimensions of this pantry are?
target: dimensions of pantry . what would you say the dimensions of this pantry are? trying to determine how big mine needs to be.
output: what would you say the dimensions of this pantry are? is it a pantry? what is the dimensions of this pantry?

input: are there shelves on the left hand side too?
target: left hand side . are there shelves on the left hand side too? i'm guessing from dimensions that you decided to forgo shelves on the left. thanks!
output: where do i get shelves like that? are there shelves on the left hand side too? thank you.

input: can you give me the dimensions?
target: our new house! i love this pantry! can you give me the dimensions?
output: dimensions. can you give me the dimensions? thanks.

input: is it fluorescent or led and how many, or what is brand?
target: lighting questions . is it fluorescent or led and how many, or what is brand? please help
output: is it fluorescent or led and how many, or what is brand? i have a customer that wants a similar look and they want it. i have a customer that wants a similar look. what is the cost?

input: who didnthisnfor you???
target: i just,love this walk in pantry.! who didnthisnfor you??? or could you recommend someone.
output: i'm curious about the cabinet maker? who didnthisnfor you? ? ? thank you!

input: i can't read the label even when i blow up the picture.
target: what is that beverage? i would love to know the name of the pink colored beverage on the second shelf from the top. i can't read the label even when i blow up the picture.
output: i can't read the label even when i blow up the picture. i can't read the label even when i blow up the picture. what is the name of this kitchen? what is the name of this kitchen? what is the name of this picture?

input: the dimensions of the edge we can see of the l is about 7" x 7"?
target: love the l shaped corner shelf. i wish you were nearer my hometown :) . the corner shelf in this pantry . what are its dimensions? i'm guessing that the frontage . the dimensions of the edge we can see of the l is about 7" x 7"? thank you .)
output: what size is the l? the dimensions of the edge we can see of the l is about 7" x 7" ? thanks!

input: what is used to create the beach entry feel?
target: beach entry pools . what is used to create the beach entry feel? the finish on the bottom i am talking about.
output: what is used to create the beach entry feel? i love this beach. what is used to create the beach entry feel?

input: do you know of anyone in the minneapolis area that does work like this?
target: do you know of anyone in the minneapolis area that does work like this? too bad you don't travel! but i have a dreamy new pantry in the works and i love this organization, especially the use of the corner space and the baskets/drawers.
output: do you know of anyone in the minneapolis area that does work like this? i have been looking for a way to do something similar. i have been looking for one and i haven't been able to find it.

input: would you be able to provide the dimensions?
target: dimensions please! thank you! would you be able to provide the dimensions?
output: dimensions please. would you be able to provide the dimensions? thank you!

input: could you tell me where to find this crown molding, or what the style is called?
target: crown molding . could you tell me where to find this crown molding, or what the style is called? this kitchen is amazing, btw! i love all your work!
output: crown molding. could you tell me where to find this crown molding, or what the style is called? thanks!

input: do i choose a matte tile or glossy to get this look?
target: tile and grout . i would love to know the tile size, spacing and grout color. do i choose a matte tile or glossy to get this look?
output: need to install the tile on ceiling. do i choose a matte tile or glossy to get this look? i have a customer that wants a tile and i want to do it in my kitchen.

input: was the cabinetry height adjusted to account for the different thickness or are they different heights?
target: this kitchen is amazing!! can you please tell me how thick the countertops are? it looks like the island coutners are thicker than the outside counters. was the cabinetry height adjusted to account for the different thickness or are they different heights?
output: cabinetry. this is a beautiful kitchen! ! ! was the cabinetry height adjusted to account for the different thickness or are they different heights?

input: where, how, who constructed/assembled it and how can i get a similar one?
target: rebekah, this kitchen is absolutely a stroke of brilliance. i love the crisp vintage detailing that give it a sense of authenticity. i have been admiring it for months and using it as inspiration for my own renovation. i adore the black island. where, how, who constructed/assembled it and how can i get a similar one? great work! so happy to have found this site.
output: where, who constructed/assembled it and how can i get a similar one? i love this kitchen! i'm planning on doing a similar one and i'm hoping you can achieve this. thanks!

input: did your tiler hate you afterwards?
target: ive been searching high andamp. low for an amazing, yet affordable hood! love this treatment! is it drywall or wood behind? did your tiler hate you afterwards? is the liner vent a hood?
output: tiler hate you afterwards? i have been looking for a way to replace cabinets. what is the size of this. thanks

input: where are the chairs from .
target: where are the chairs from . we love the chairs. where do we find them?
output: where are the chairs from. i love the chairs. where do i find them?

input: we are considering this option for our new home and are wondering how well it performs.
target: kitchen faucet brand . this is one of my favorite kitchens on houzz! i love the hardware, colors, whole design. is the kitchen faucet the kohler sensate? we are considering this option for our new home and are wondering how well it performs.
output: how well done is it and how well done is it? we are considering this option for our new home and are wondering how well it performs.

input: where are the lights over the island from ?
target: pendant lighting . where are the lights over the island from ? which brand are they ?
output: where are the lights over the island from? i love this! i'm in love with this!

input: which company makes them?
target: bar stools . lovely bar stools! which company makes them? thank you!
output: cabinets. which company makes them? thanks

input: is it the natural thickness of the stone, or is it built up?
target: countertop thickness . how thick is the island countertop? is it the natural thickness of the stone, or is it built up?
output: countertop thickness. is it the natural thickness of the stone, or is it built up? what is the thickness of the countertop?

input: what color and brand is the grout?
target: what color and brand is the grout? interested in brand and color of grout. thank you!
output: grout color. what color and brand is the grout? thanks

input: do you recall the ceiling height and heights of the stacked upper cabinets?
target: ceiling and stacked upper cabinet heights? beautiful kitchen! do you recall the ceiling height and heights of the stacked upper cabinets? thanks!
output: ceiling height. do you recall the ceiling height and heights of the stacked upper cabinets? thanks!

input: hello where can i find that oyster bowl?
target: oyster bowl brand . hello where can i find that oyster bowl? thank you
output: oyster bowl. hello where can i find that oyster bowl? thank you

input: where is the cabinet hardware from and name?
target: love your kitchen! where is the cabinet hardware from and name? thank you!
output: where is the cabinet hardware from and name? love! love this!

input: who manufactures this backsplash, and where can this be purchased, please!
target: backsplash manufacturer . who manufactures this backsplash, and where can this be purchased, please! it is unusually lovely, and i do have one wall painted in my kitchen that would match! next, i'm looking to replace my cabinets too!
output: backsplash. who manufactures this backsplash, and where can this be purchased, please! thanks!

input: what company manufactures this backsplash?
target: backsplash manufacturer . what company manufactures this backsplash? where can it be purchased, please!
output: backsplash manufacturer. what company manufactures this backsplash? what company manufactures this backsplash?

input: can you please identify the backsplash name, supplier and color?
target: backsplash behind range . can you please identify the backsplash name, supplier and color? thank you.
output: backsplash. can you please identify the backsplash name, supplier and color? thank you

input: what color did you use on the island please?
target: island color . beautiful kitchen! what color did you use on the island please?
output: island color. what color did you use on the island please? thank you!

input: it's amazing and is exactly what i want to do in my kitchen.
target: island dimensions . hi i was wondering if you could help me with some dimensions on the island. it's amazing and is exactly what i want to do in my kitchen. specifically the base length and depth as well as overall length x width. also the knee space if you could. thanks!
output: kitchen cabinets. what is the color/stain? it's amazing and is exactly what i want to do in my kitchen.

input: what are the details on the backsplash?
target: backsplash . what are the details on the backsplash? including the mosaic behind the range?
output: backsplash. what are the details on the backsplash? thanks

input: can you please provide the details on the hardwood flooring?
target: hardwood flooring . can you please provide the details on the hardwood flooring? we love it. thank you.
output: hardwood flooring. can you please provide the details on the hardwood flooring? is it engineered wood or engineered?

input: what did y'all do about freezer?
target: fridge . beautiful kitchen! brand / model of fridge? what did y'all do about freezer?
output: fridge. what did y' all do about freezer? thanks

input: i would like to know how high from he floor do the windows start and what size are the windows?
target: i like the size windows you used in the dining area. this looks like 9’ ceilings. i would like to know how high from he floor do the windows start and what size are the windows? thanks
output: i would like to know how high from he floor do the windows start and what size are the windows? thanks!

input: can you tell me the color of the island cabinets?
target: hello. can you tell me the color of the island cabinets? thank you . luz perilla window expression
output: can you tell me the color of the island cabinets? i love the light fixtures! can you tell me the color of the island cabinets? thank you!

input: can you tell me what model they are or where to get them?
target: what kind of penants are those? very nice rustic pendants. can you tell me what model they are or where to get them?
output: cabinets. can you tell me what model they are or where to get them? thanks!

input: could you tell me the name of the paint colors used throughout the house?
target: paint selection . could you tell me the name of the paint colors used throughout the house? if looks like there is a light and dark gray?
output: paint colors. could you tell me the name of the paint colors used throughout the house? thank you

input: can you direct me to a company that has a bar stool that is similar?
target: bar stools . can you direct me to a company that has a bar stool that is similar? i have been looking for a while now and love these that are now discontinued.
output: bar stools. can you direct me to a company that has a bar stool that is similar? i have been looking for one and am curious about how it goes with the bar stools.

input: these bar stools are what i have been looking for, they look very sturdy and i like the brown
target: love the bar stools where can i get them? also i need to know the heig . these bar stools are what i have been looking for, they look very sturdy and i like the brown
output: what bar stools are these bar stools are what i have been looking for, they look very sturdy and i like the brown

input: what color was the floor painted?
target: beautiful space! what color was the floor painted? how was it done?
output: what color was the floor painted? it's beautiful!

input: what brand/model?
target: love the stove/range. what brand/model? thanks!
output: love the pendants! what brand/model? thank you!

input: can you tell me what the floor and countertop (not the walnut bar but the main countertop) materials are?
target: floor and countertop materials? this is all lovely. can you tell me what the floor and countertop (not the walnut bar but the main countertop) materials are?
output: floor and countertop materials. can you tell me what the floor and countertop(not the walnut bar but the main countertop) materials are? thanks!

input: is it full thickness throughout or just at the edges?
target: walnut countertop . looks like the countertop is face grain . is that correct? is it full thickness throughout or just at the edges? what is the thickness?
output: width of the island and countertop. is it full thickness throughout or just at the edges? what is the dimension of this island? is it full thickness throughout or just at the edges?

input: hi, is the raised wood waterfall countertop real wood vs. a convincing laminate?
target: wood countertop . hi, is the raised wood waterfall countertop real wood vs. a convincing laminate? and if yes (real wood), what type of wood, and what has it been treated with?
output: wood countertop. hi, is the raised wood waterfall countertop real wood vs. a convincing laminate? thanks!

input: used for the ceiling to hold the lighting and the barstool area?
target: ceiling . what is the material (mixed wood?) used for the ceiling to hold the lighting and the barstool area?
output: ceiling. what is the height of the ceiling? used for the ceiling to hold the lighting and the barstool area?

input: i would be so appreciated if you could share with me what type of wood material and dimensions was used for the upper countertop and who carries this kind of countertop.
target: kitchen island . upper waterfall wood countertop . your kitchen is amazing. i love the island and would love to do the same in my kitchen! i would be so appreciated if you could share with me what type of wood material and dimensions was used for the upper countertop and who carries this kind of countertop. thank you.
output: what type of wood and dimensions? i am planning on using this for my kitchen remodel. i'm planning on using this type of wood material and dimensions. i would be so appreciated if you could share with me what type of wood material and dimensions was used for the upper countertop and who carries this kind of countertop. thank you!

input: can you please share the make and model?
target: kitchen hood . i love the kitchen hood. can you please share the make and model? thanks!
output: love the pendants! can you please share the make and model? thank you!

input: can you share vendor please?
target: love those bar stools!!! can you share vendor please? thank you!
output: can you share vendor please? thank you. i have a great kitchen and i want to do something similar in my new house.

input: where are those pulls from?
target: where are those pulls from? what's the color called?! love those pulls!
output: where are those pulls from? love the pulls. where are those pulls from?

input: could you please provide the color of the darker cabinets.
target: cabinet color . could you please provide the color of the darker cabinets. it appears darker than the downpipe used in the island. thank you
output: cabinet color. could you please provide the color of the darker cabinets. i love the tone of this room. thank you.

input: are these custom?
target: cabinets . love! love, love the flat panels paired with the shaker cabinets. are these custom? if not, can you provide the brand name. understated elegance at its best!
output: cabinets. are these custom? what style?

input: is this the champagne finish?
target: faucets . hello! i haven't been able to find a hot/cold filtered system like this that matches the regular dunk faucet. what is the brand? is this the champagne finish?
output: is this the champagne finish? what is the name of the kitchen? thank you.

input: would you be willing to share the finish of the hardware and faucet?
target: hello!! what a gorgeous kitchen! would you be willing to share the finish of the hardware and faucet? i saw the brands in your other threads here.
output: hardware and faucet finish. would you be willing to share the finish of the hardware and faucet? thanks!

input: do you know the finishes for both the decorator's white and down pipe?
target: paint finish question . do you know the finishes for both the decorator's white and down pipe? is the marble polished or honed? so lovely! thank you!
output: paint finish. do you know the finishes for both the decorator's white and down pipe? i'm in the middle of my kitchen and have a question.

input: what is the dark cabinet paint color?
target: cabinets . what is the dark cabinet paint color? who makes the pulls?
output: what is the dark cabinet paint color? i love this kitchen! what is the dark cabinet paint color?

input: i looked through all the questions and answers and hope i didn't miss it, but i was wondering the wall color?
target: wall paint color? i looked through all the questions and answers and hope i didn't miss it, but i was wondering the wall color? is it decorators white as well as the cabinets or is it a different color entirely? such a beautiful kitchen!
output: what is the wall color? i looked through all the questions and answers and hope i didn't miss it, but i was wondering the wall color? is it white or black?

input: if not what is the manufacturer.
target: cabinets . are the cabinets custom? if not what is the manufacturer. thanks
output: what is the range hood? is that a door? if not what is the manufacturer. thanks

input: i love the cabinet hardware, would you mind sharing the brand?
target: hardware . i love the cabinet hardware, would you mind sharing the brand? absolutely beautiful room!
output: cabinet hardware. i love the cabinet hardware, would you mind sharing the brand? thank you!

input: can you tell me which paint color you used for the upper and lower cabinets?
target: cabinet paint color . can you tell me which paint color you used for the upper and lower cabinets? the kitchen looks fantastic!
output: paint color. can you tell me which paint color you used for the upper and lower cabinets? thank you!

input: what kind of faucet is that?
target: faucet? what kind of faucet is that? searching high and low for satin brass!
output: faucet. what kind of faucet is that? thanks

input: from the photos the cabinets appear to be painted, is that correct?
target: custom cabinets are gorgeous . from the photos the cabinets appear to be painted, is that correct? would you be so kind as to share the paint (or stain) color?
output: cabinet paint color. from the photos the cabinets appear to be painted, is that correct? thank you!

input: can you please tell me where you got the brushed brass hardware?
target: brass hardware . can you please tell me where you got the brushed brass hardware? i've found some at various places online but can't decide which ones go order.
output: brass hardware. can you please tell me where you got the brushed brass hardware? thank you.

input: would love to shop for one for my up.coming kitchen remodel.
target: i love that the range seems to be elevated. is it on a base or legs? what brand is it? would love to shop for one for my up.coming kitchen remodel. thank you.
output: i love this kitchen! would love to shop for one for my up. coming kitchen remodel. thank you!

input: is this color considered brush brass?
target: what brand is the faucet? is this color considered brush brass? thanks.
output: is this color considered brush brass? what is the color of the cabinets? i'm in the middle of a kitchen remodel. i'm hoping this color will work in my kitchen.

input: also, are the base cabinets navy or black?
target: gold hardware and stainless . this kitchen is beautiful. we are thinking of a similar combination and was worried about mixing gold hardware with stainless appliances. do you feel that it blends together? i wasn't sure if we should stick with silver hardware. also, are the base cabinets navy or black?
output: cabinets. what color are the cabinets? also, are the base cabinets navy or black? thank you!

input: where did it come from?
target: table . love it! where did it come from? this picture gave us a great solution to our kitchen design. so glad i found it.
output: chandelier. where did it come from? chandeliers?

input: where can i order the counter chairs?
target: where can i order the counter chairs? please contact me regarding pricing and ordering of the chairs pictured at the kitchen counter. thank you.
output: where can i order the counter chairs? please provide details on the order of the chairs. thank you!

input: are the breakfast nook table and dining room table right next to each other?
target: breakfast nook . are the breakfast nook table and dining room table right next to each other? it looks like the edge of another table and chair can be seen in the corner of the photo.
output: breakfast nook. are the breakfast nook table and dining room table right next to each other? what is the area? what is the area and the dimensions of this space?

input: how man inches high is the seat back?
target: beautiful! how man inches high is the seat back? thank you!
output: how man inches high is the seat back? i love this. it is a beautiful feel.

input: where can i find it?
target: benches . love the fabric on benches! where can i find it?
output: love the chair. where can i find it? thank you.

input: these windows make me swoon, i'd love to know who they are made by.
target: love this space, what windows did you use, thank you. these windows make me swoon, i'd love to know who they are made by. thank you, kelly
output: who is the maker of the windows? these windows make me swoon, i'd love to know who they are made by. thank you.

input: is there a better picture of it?
target: where is the desk chair from? is there a better picture of it? thank
output: where is the table from? is there a better picture of it? thank you.

input: can you tell me and, if so, do the lines in the door match up with those in the door?
target: divided panes or not on exterior door? love this and we are in the process of replicating it. in this picture the exterior door is ajar and i can't tell if the door has divided panes like the windows or not. can you tell me and, if so, do the lines in the door match up with those in the door? if mine don't, do you think it matters? thanks so much and congratulations on a beautiful home.
output: what is the wall color? this is a beautiful kitchen! can you tell me and, if so, do the lines in the door match up with those in the door? what is the wall color?

input: approximately how deep is the banquet seat?
target: how deep is seat? approximately how deep is the banquet seat? i'm trying to figure out if i need to add depth to account for the space lost by the back cushion. thanks!
output: how deep is seat? approximately how deep is the banquet seat? thank you.

input: should the banquette be in off white because the red cherry color would be too dark?
target: what color should be a banquette? my kitchen cabinets and floor are in the color of red cherry (wood) the walls are light grey with off white trimmings. should the banquette be in off white because the red cherry color would be too dark?
output: what color is the flooring? should the banquette be in off white because the red cherry color would be too dark?

input: i want to do a similar bench for our breakfast nook, but i have no idea how to go about ordering the back for the bench.
target: where do i order the back cushion? love, love, love this breakfast nook bench. i want to do a similar bench for our breakfast nook, but i have no idea how to go about ordering the back for the bench. is this a special cushion or it it a wood frame covered with fabric? who makes something like this? thank you so much!
output: where did you order the back dish? i want to do a similar bench for our breakfast nook, but i have no idea how to go about ordering the back for the bench. i want to do a similar bench for our breakfast nook, but i have no idea how to go about ordering the back for the bench.

input: does anyone know what this table is made out of and it i could order restaurant grade/style legs like these and use a silestone top on top?
target: table . does anyone know what this table is made out of and it i could order restaurant grade/style legs like these and use a silestone top on top? i am worried about the weight and how to attach the top. thank you!
output: table. does anyone know what this table is made out of and it i could order restaurant grade/style legs like these and use a silestone top on top? thank you.

input: table dimensions?
target: table dimensions? thanks. love the design!
output: table dimensions? please share the dimensions of this room. please tell me the dimensions of the room. please and thank you.

input: how deep and how high should i make the bench seat (including the allowance for back seat cushion also).
target: breakfast nook. want to make sure my dimensions are correct . so i think i understand that the bench is 4'6" x 6'6". how deep and how high should i make the bench seat (including the allowance for back seat cushion also). and how much extra space should i allow between seat and table? table dimensions? i sure wish you were in my area! thank you for sharing your design!
output: how deep and how high should i make the bench seat(including the allowance for back seat cushion also) . i have a great pantry and i want to do this in my kitchen. i have a 48" wide bench that is comfortable for a comfortably comfortably and comfortable. i would like to do something similar in my kitchen. thank you.

input: bench size would be?
target: you quoted the nook size as 4'6" by 11'5". i'm guessing that is including the door. bench size would be?
output: bench size would be? what is the size of the bench. i love the size of the bench. thank you.

input: what is the paint color?
target: what is the paint color? love it! what is the paint color?
output: what is the paint color? i love this kitchen! what is the paint color?

input: are cabinets and walls the same color, if not what color are the cabinets .
target: what color are the cabinets please . this kitchen is amazing !!! are cabinets and walls the same color, if not what color are the cabinets . i love this kitchen, so beautiful !
output: cabinets and walls. what color are they? are cabinets and walls the same color, if not what color are the cabinets.

input: how tall are the upper cabinets with glass fronts?
target: how tall are the upper cabinets with glass fronts? i love the crown you used above the cabinets and i want to do the same with mine. i have 9 ft ceilings and i want to do away with the open space above my cabinets.such a dust collector!
output: how tall are the upper cabinets with glass fronts? i love this kitchen! thank you!

input: i was wondering where you found the cabinet hardware?
target: cabinet hardware . this kitchen is absolutely gorgeous! i was wondering where you found the cabinet hardware? thanks.
output: cabinet hardware. i was wondering where you found the cabinet hardware? thanks!

input: what is the width and length of this kitchen area?
target: love the island and window seat area . what is the size of the island (width/length)? what is the width and length of this kitchen area? thanks!
output: what is the width and length of this kitchen area? i love this layout and am trying to figure out if this is a good fit for my new kitchen. thanks!

input: what was your inspiration for this look and where did you find such a beautiful piece it takes the room to a whole new level.
target: love the wood beam above the window where did you find this piece? love the wood beam above the windows. what was your inspiration for this look and where did you find such a beautiful piece it takes the room to a whole new level.
output: love the pendants! what was your inspiration for this look and where did you find such a beautiful piece it takes the room to a whole new level.

input: table source?
target: table source? material? someone asked about table top care, but not so
output: table source? love the table! where can i get it? thanks!

input: what is the length of the wall with the window seat?
target: window seat? what is the length of the wall with the window seat? also, how long is the seat? this is a beautiful kitchen.
output: window seat. what is the length of the wall with the window seat? thank you!

input: where did you get that great chandelier?
target: chandelier? where did you get that great chandelier? it's perfectly simple!
output: chandelier. where did you get that great chandelier? it's amazing!

input: could you please tell me the color white on the walls and cabinets?
target: what color/brand white is on the walls and cabinets? could you please tell me the color white on the walls and cabinets? also the brand? thank you so much.
output: could you please tell me the color white on the walls and cabinets? i'm trying to decide which color to go with. thanks!

input: what is involved in caring for it?
target: how to care for marble . i love marble and want to use it in my kitchen. everyone says no. what is involved in caring for it?
output: what is involved in caring for it? is it custom made? thank you

input: how do i find out where to buy these wooden counter stools?
target: stools . how do i find out where to buy these wooden counter stools? i see others have asked the same question.
output: stools. how do i find out where to buy these wooden counter stools? thanks!

input: where did you get the kitchen table from?
target: kitchen table . where did you get the kitchen table from? is it custom pine table?
output: kitchen table. where did you get the kitchen table from? is it custom?

input: did you use white on the top and black on the bottom for hardware?
target: beautiful kitchen! what is the manufacturer and model #'s of the kitchen hardware? did you use white on the top and black on the bottom for hardware?
output: what is the finish on the cabinets? did you use white on the top and black on the bottom for hardware? what is the finish on the cabinets?

input: can you please share island color, and floors.
target: floors and island color . great kitchen. can you please share island color, and floors. are floors real? who is manufacturer? thanks
output: floors. can you please share island color, and floors. thank you.

input: i would really like to know what counter you used, material color, etc .
target: i would really like to know what counter you used, material color, etc . i am building a house and my cabinets look very similar. i need to select my counter top and love this picture
output: i would really like to know what counter you used, material color, etc. i would really like to know what counter you used, material color, etc. also, what is the color on the wall? thanks

input: what is the flooring is it wood or stone, if wood what size and make.
target: flooring . what is the flooring is it wood or stone, if wood what size and make. thank you, the kitchen is beautiful!!
output: what is the flooring is it wood or stone, if wood what size and make. what is the flooring is it wood or stone, if wood what size and make. thanks

input: gorgeous range hood and stove can you provide info on both?
target: gorgeous kitchen . we are in the process of building a new home. doing an artistic tile backsplash as well they are gorgeous. did you have it sealed to prevent staining? gorgeous range hood and stove can you provide info on both? love everything about this kitchen.fabulous
output: gorgeous range hood and stove can you provide info on both? thank you!

input: anyone know where they are from.
target: vases on island . really like those metal vases on the island. anyone know where they are from. love the idea of adding some color in it with the flowers. thanks
output: i love the chairs. anyone know where they are from. thank you

input: in the new county road project kitchen, can you give me details about the beautiful white hood?
target: white hood . in the new county road project kitchen, can you give me details about the beautiful white hood? who makes it? where can i get it? item number? any info would be helpful! thank you! :) danielle
output: white hood. in the new county road project kitchen, can you give me details about the beautiful white hood? thank you!

input: who is the maker and what's the price point?
target: beautiful refrigerator . i absolutely love the fridge. who is the maker and what's the price point?
output: what is the price point? who is the maker and what's the price point? thanks!

input: i just love this look and exactly what i am looking for in my new build.
target: kitchen cabinets . what colour are the cabinets? i just love this look and exactly what i am looking for in my new build. also, wondering about trim colour? did you match trim with the cabinets?
output: what is the dimensions of this kitchen? i just love this look and exactly what i am looking for in my new build. i have a great plan and i want to do this in my new build.

input: what make of tile did you use?
target: backsplash . what make of tile did you use? it is beautiful!
output: what make of tile did you use? i have a similar flooring and i want to do something similar in my new house. i have a similar flooring and i want to do it in my new house.

input: beautiful project, just wondering if you know how large the island is?
target: island dimensions . beautiful project, just wondering if you know how large the island is? thanks
output: beautiful project, just wondering if you know how large the island is? thank you!

input: what is manufacturer and color please, its beautiful.
target: backsplash . backsplash above cooktop. what is manufacturer and color please, its beautiful.
output: what is manufacturer and color please, its beautiful. what is manufacturer and color please, its beautiful.

input: hello , what is your cabinetry made out of , is it wood and what kind of wood or is is foiled msg ??
target: kitchen cabinets . hello , what is your cabinetry made out of , is it wood and what kind of wood or is is foiled msg ?? thank you
output: cabinetry. hello, what is your cabinetry made out of, is it wood and what kind of wood or is is foiled msg? ? thank you!

input: do you know the name or model/ make please?
target: lighting . beautiful blend finish with gold and black, perfect accent to kitchen! do you know the name or model/ make please?
output: love the pendants! do you know the name or model/make please? thank you!

input: can you please give me the name of the backsplash tile behind the hood?
target: backsplash . hello! can you please give me the name of the backsplash tile behind the hood? thank you!
output: backsplash. can you please give me the name of the backsplash tile behind the hood? thank you!

input: what is the island counter made of?
target: what is the island counter made of? what is the island counter made of? thank you!
output: what is the island counter made of? what is the island counter made of? thank you!

input: would you be able to provide me with information on the countertop?
target: what is the countertop? would you be able to provide me with information on the countertop? love it in a pantry!
output: countertop. would you be able to provide me with information on the countertop? thank you!

input: is this a converted closet?
target: is this a converted closet? looks small enough to have been a closet . if so, it is a great idea for getting more kitchen storage space.
output: is this a converted closet? what is the name of this closet? it's beautiful!

input: would it look ridiculous to put the black armoire in the living room?
target: armoire in living room? i have two large armoires in different colors: one in chocolate brown and one in black. (i needed a second armoire, but the company discontinued the brown, which matched my bedside tables, so i ended up with black.) they are currently in my bedroom, but i hate the look of the different colors. would it look ridiculous to put the black armoire in the living room? i am moving into a new apartment and am trying to plan my furniture placement. i don't want to do something that will look stupid though. thanks for any advice. love this forum!
output: armoire in living room? what is the length of the armoire? would it look ridiculous to put the black armoire in the living room?

input: can i please have details on the door?
target: can i please have details on the door? love it. please share door manufacturer. love it!
output: can i please have details on the door? thank you. it's beautiful!

input: would it be possible to get the dimensions of this pantry?
target: would it be possible to get the dimensions of this pantry? is it two doors that close it? please respond, . would it be possible to get the dimensions of this pantry? is it two doors that close it? please respond, thanks!
output: dimensions. would it be possible to get the dimensions of this pantry? is it a 36”or 4”?

input: what is the paint color used on the trim, ceiling and trim?
target: pain color? what is the paint color used on the trim, ceiling and trim? thank you
output: paint color. what is the paint color used on the trim, ceiling and trim? thank you!

input: do they close with magnets on the top of the frame?
target: doors . i am going to have almost same pantry in design and size. can you tell me where i could get those doors. do they close with magnets on the top of the frame? thanks
output: do they close with magnets on the top of the frame? what is the name of this? what is the name of it?

input: do you happen to know what brand for the cabinet hardware?
target: beautiful pulls . love the look of this kitchen. do you happen to know what brand for the cabinet hardware?
output: cabinet hardware. do you happen to know what brand for the cabinet hardware? i love the cabinet pulls. where did you get it?

input: but can you tell me about the wallpaper?
target: the kitchen is lovely. but can you tell me about the wallpaper? who is the manufacturer. what is the pattern? thanks so much :)
output: wallpaper. but can you tell me about the wallpaper? thank you!

input: thank you and what are the floors?
target: countertop . the counter is gorgeous. what is the countertop? thank you and what are the floors?
output: floors. thank you and what are the floors? beautiful!

input: are the black frames on the doors and windows factory painted ?
target: what brand of cabinets are these? what brand of cabinets are these? are the black frames on the doors and windows factory painted ?
output: are the black frames on the doors and windows factory painted? i'm in love with this. i'm in the middle of a new construction house. i'm guessing this is the best example i've seen!

input: can you share with me the paint color you chose for these beautiful cabinets?
target: cabinet paint color . can you share with me the paint color you chose for these beautiful cabinets? i want to use black, but am looking for this type of shade. thanks!
output: cabinet paint color. can you share with me the paint color you chose for these beautiful cabinets? thank you!

input: where can you get the marble countertop from?
target: marble countertop . where can you get the marble countertop from? how much would it cost?
output: marble countertop. where can you get the marble countertop from? what is the name of it? thank you

input: hello can you use a sealant on white marble as we do with out granite counter tops?
target: sealant? hello can you use a sealant on white marble as we do with out granite counter tops? thank you.
output: what is the sealant? hello can you use a sealant on white marble as we do with out granite counter tops? thank you!

input: do you just live with the stains or do you clean constantly?
target: living with white marble . just wondering about caring for the beautiful marble counter tops. i've heard they stain easily from things like wine and even olive oil. do you just live with the stains or do you clean constantly?
output: what stains are the floors? do you just live with the stains or do you clean constantly? what color is the floor?

input: would you please post the depth of the custom hood above the mantel?
target: thank you for sharing this beautiful kitchen . would you please post the depth of the custom hood above the mantel? thanks so much!
output: would you please post the depth of the custom hood above the mantel? i have a similar depth and am trying to determine the depth of the hood. thank you!

input: would you recall what island edge is used here?
target: island . beautiful kitchen. would you recall what island edge is used here? thank you!
output: island edge. beautiful work! would you recall what island edge is used here? thank you!

input: i love the look of marble countertops and see it everywhere in decorating magazines.
target: how difficult is marble to maintain? i love the look of marble countertops and see it everywhere in decorating magazines. i want to install it in the new home we are building but my contractor does not think it is a practical choice for a busy kitchen.
output: what is the name of the countertops? i love the look of marble countertops and see it everywhere in decorating magazines. what is the name of this beautiful kitchen?

input: what color is the ceiling?
target: what color is the ceiling? we're doing white cabinets like these and i really like the blue along with it. i'd love to get the paint color so we can follow suit. thanks!
output: what color is the ceiling? it's beautiful! what color is the ceiling?

input: manufacturer of the light fixture above the dining room table?
target: manufacturer of the light fixture above the dining room table? manufacturer of the light fixture above the dining room table? love it!
output: manufacturer of the light fixture above the dining room table? manufacturer of the light fixture above the dining room table? what is the name of it?

input: i would like to use these floors in my home and am interested in finding out if they are real wood or porcelain tile?
target: who is the manufacturer for these floors? i would like to use these floors in my home and am interested in finding out if they are real wood or porcelain tile? i would also like to know what shade of white the cabinets are in and whose paint?
output: what type of wood floors are these? i would like to use these floors in my home and am interested in finding out if they are real wood or porcelain tile? thank you.

input: the layout is just what i'm looking for, but need to see more.
target: are there more pictures of this house? the layout is just what i'm looking for, but need to see more. please please
output: what layout is this? the layout is just what i'm looking for, but need to see more. it's beautiful!

input: could you please tell me where the chairs are from?
target: living room chairs . i love the detail on the backs of the living room chairs. could you please tell me where the chairs are from?
output: i love the chairs. could you please tell me where the chairs are from? thank you!

input: what is the stone and color on the kitchen island?
target: countertops . love the look of this entire photo. what is the stone and color on the kitchen island? it's beautiful.
output: what is the stone and color on the kitchen island? i love this kitchen! what is the stone and color on the kitchen island?

input: what inch radius did you use on the islands corners?
target: granite corners . what inch radius did you use on the islands corners? thank you! btw.we are in atlanta, too!
output: what inch radius did you use on the islands corners? i have a similar layout and am trying to figure out if this layout fits in my design. thanks!

input: can you tell me where i can purchase the bar stools?
target: stools at counter . can you tell me where i can purchase the bar stools? their beautiful
output: stools. can you tell me where i can purchase the bar stools? thank you!

input: hello, i'm hoping you could tell me where i could get these light.
target: pendant lighting . hello, i'm hoping you could tell me where i could get these light. thanks!
output: light fixtures. hello, i'm hoping you could tell me where i could get these light. thanks

input: what is the color of the ceiling and walls .
target: what is the color of the ceiling and walls . very good feel to this. the color choice is excellent.
output: what is the color of the ceiling and walls. i love this! what is the color of the ceiling and walls. thanks

input: what company and name of the marble?
target: counter tops are beautiful!!!! what company and name of the marble? love the counter tops. what company and name of the marble?
output: counter tops. what company and name of the marble? thank you

input: who makes them and what size are they?
target: our kitchen . i love the pendant lights over the island. who makes them and what size are they?
output: love the pendants! who makes them and what size are they? thanks!

input: can you please tell me the size of the island, as well as the size of the space between the island and the cabinets where the range is.
target: island size and space between cabinets and island . i absolutely love everything about this kitchen. we are currently planning a remodel of our kitchen and i will be using this beauty as my inspiration. can you please tell me the size of the island, as well as the size of the space between the island and the cabinets where the range is. thank you!
output: size of island. can you please tell me the size of the island, as well as the size of the space between the island and the cabinets where the range is. thank you.

input: also can you tell me name and company for backsplash?
target: backsplash and island . what are the dimensions of this island? also can you tell me name and company for backsplash? great kitchen! thanks.
output: backsplash. also can you tell me name and company for backsplash? thank you!

input: can you please give info on these counter tops?
target: counter top question. can you please give info on these counter tops? are they honed marble? they are beautiful! thank you.
output: counter tops. can you please give info on these counter tops? thank you.

input: do you know if the pendants are 8" or 14"?
target: love the pendant lights. do you know if the pendants are 8" or 14"? thank you!
output: love the pendants! do you know if the pendants are 8" or 14" ? thank you!

input: would this kitchen work in a space 10' x 24'?
target: would this kitchen work in a space 10' x 24'? i would have to knock out my walls to gain some more width. i really want to avoid that. would a longer, more narrow island be ok?
output: would this kitchen work in a space 10' x 24' ? i'm planning on doing something similar in my kitchen. i'm planning on doing something similar.

input: hi can you tell me the make of the kitchen faucet?
target: kitchen faucet . hi can you tell me the make of the kitchen faucet? thanks
output: kitchen faucet. hi can you tell me the make of the kitchen faucet? thanks

input: can you tell me who makes the range hood?
target: hood . can you tell me who makes the range hood? thanks.
output: range hood. can you tell me who makes the range hood? thank you!

input: what finish is on the lights?
target: finish on lights . what finish is on the lights? chrome? polished nickel? thanks!
output: what finish is on the lights? love the lights! thank you!

input: what is the dimensions of the island and the diameter of the light fixtures?
target: island size and lighting . what is the dimensions of the island and the diameter of the light fixtures? thanks!
output: dimensions. what is the dimensions of the island and the diameter of the light fixtures? thanks!

input: why were you the length/width dimensions of this kitchen?
target: overall kitchen size . why were you the length/width dimensions of this kitchen? thank you!
output: dimensions. why were you the length/width dimensions of this kitchen? thank you!

input: are the recessed lights led?
target: lights . are the recessed lights led? size ? thanks
output: are the recessed lights led? if so, what brand? thanks!

input: butcher block countertop?
target: butcher block countertop? what is the color/stain? thanks for your help!
output: butcher block countertop? what is the material? what is the stain?

input: what is hiding under the glass cabs?
target: gorgeous kitchen! what is hiding under the glass cabs? i'm trying to do some hidden storage of coffee pot, toaster, mixer, etc. i was wondering what was in there. thanks!
output: what is hiding under the glass cabs? what is hiding under the glass cabs? what is the color of the wood doors?

input: can you tell me the details of this flooring.
target: flooring in our house . can you tell me the details of this flooring. colour of wood etc.
output: flooring. can you tell me the details of this flooring. is it wood or lvt?

input: is the hood the wolf low profile pro hood with a duct cover?
target: wolf vent hood . you deserved to win an award. the kitchen is beautiful!! is the hood the wolf low profile pro hood with a duct cover?
output: wolf vent hood. is the hood the wolf low profile pro hood with a duct cover? what is the brand of the vent?

input: is it quartz?
target: countertop? is it quartz? what style?
output: countertop. is it quartz? what is the name?

input: could you provide info on the dark wood flooring?
target: floors . could you provide info on the dark wood flooring? beautiful kitchen. thanks.
output: flooring. could you provide info on the dark wood flooring? is it wood or engineered?

input: can you please tell me the name of the backsplash tile, color and manufacturer and the grout color.
target: backsplash? can you please tell me the name of the backsplash tile, color and manufacturer and the grout color. thanks
output: backsplash. can you please tell me the name of the backsplash tile, color and manufacturer and the grout color. thanks

input: can you please tell me the name of the backsplash tile, color and manufacturer and the grout color.
target: backsplash? can you please tell me the name of the backsplash tile, color and manufacturer and the grout color. thanks
output: backsplash. can you please tell me the name of the backsplash tile, color and manufacturer and the grout color. thanks

input: can that be possible ?
target: remodeling . we purchase a house that was built in the 30s and we are entertaining the idea of remodeling the kitchen an maintaining the charm . for instance , we would like to keep the tile and maybe maintain the same style with newer cabinets and make it more practical . can that be possible ? thank you walter
output: can that be possible? i love this pendant! can that be possible?

input: what's the width of the sink base cabinet?
target: what's the width of the sink base cabinet? is it a 36"? what's the width of the sink base cabinet? is it a 36"?
output: what's the width of the sink base cabinet? i love this! thank you!

input: do you know the make and or brand of the hanging light fixtures?
target: light fixtures . do you know the make and or brand of the hanging light fixtures? they are beautiful!
output: light fixtures. do you know the make and or brand of the hanging light fixtures? thank you!

input: is it difficult to operate windows while leaning over the sink?
target: are those double hung windows over the sink? getting ready to do a similar look in my new kitchen. is it difficult to operate windows while leaning over the sink? i hate awning and swing out windows! thanks for your time. (beautiful space, btw)
output: is it difficult to operate windows while leaning over the sink? is it difficult to operate windows while leaning over the sink? i have a similar look and am trying to decide between a standard 8' 8" wide wide" windows. i'm worried it will not work in my kitchen. thanks!

input: what is the name of this quartzite counter tops you used?
target: quartzite . hi there! what is the name of this quartzite counter tops you used? thanks!
output: counter tops. what is the name of this quartzite counter tops you used? thank you!

input: can you please share the manufacturer of the sink and faucet?
target: exquisite kitchen! can you please share the manufacturer of the sink and faucet? thank you.
output: can you please share the manufacturer of the sink and faucet? thank you. can you please share the manufacturer of the sink and faucet? thank you.

input: may i ask what color was chosen for the blue island please?
target: kitchen island color . your design is so beautiful bright, fresh. may i ask what color was chosen for the blue island please?
output: what is the color of the island? this is a beautiful kitchen! may i ask what color was chosen for the blue island please? thank you!

input: what is the color of the island base?
target: island color . what is the color of the island base? love it!!
output: what is the color of the island base? i love this color! what is the color of the island base? thank you!

input: kahrs flooring specifics?
target: kahrs flooring specifics? hi, i would love to know the specific distressed white oak that was used for this space from the kahrs line. it is difficult to figure it out from the wide selection on their website.
output: kahrs flooring specifics? what is the specifics to the floor? it's beautiful!

input: hi… can you tell me where the kitchen chairs for that table were purchased?
target: table chairs . hi… can you tell me where the kitchen chairs for that table were purchased? thank you.
output: table chairs. hi…can you tell me where the kitchen chairs for that table were purchased? thank you.

input: should we get hardwood or engineered wood?
target: price of flooring? we are building a 2400sq.' ranch and want mostly all wood floors. this is our retirement home in northern michigsn. should we get hardwood or engineered wood?
output: flooring. we are in the process of remodeling our kitchen and this is my favorite on houzz! we are currently in the process of remodeling our kitchen and would love to know the type type of flooring that would give us the the desired look. should we get hardwood or engineered wood?

input: i'm looking at rejuvenation lights, wondering about the ceiling height and what glass size you chose.
target: how tall are the ceilings? i'm looking at rejuvenation lights, wondering about the ceiling height and what glass size you chose. also what are the dimensions of this island, thank you.
output: ceiling height. i'm looking at rejuvenation lights, wondering about the ceiling height and what glass size you chose. thank you!

input: hello, i love the pendant glass light over the island and i cant get them anywhere, could you tel me where you bought them please.
target: pendant light over the island . hello, i love the pendant glass light over the island and i cant get them anywhere, could you tel me where you bought them please. thank you cynthia from canada
output: pendant light over the island. hello, i love the pendant glass light over the island and i cant get them anywhere, could you tel me where you bought them please. thank you.

input: what is the finish on the cabinets?
target: love this kitchen so much! what is the finish on the cabinets? thank you
output: what is the finish on the cabinets? i love this kitchen! what is the finish on the cabinets?

input: what is the brand and style of the pull down faucet?
target: kitchen reno . what is the brand and style of the pull down faucet? thanks!
output: what is the brand and style of the pull down faucet? i love the pull down! what is the brand and style of the pull down faucet? thanks!

input: what are they?
target: love the floors! what are they? thanks
output: love the pendants! what are they? thanks!

input: can you please name the vendor of those fabulous island pendants?
target: stunning kitchen! congratulations, stunning kitchen. can you please name the vendor of those fabulous island pendants? thank you.
output: can you please name the vendor of those fabulous island pendants? thank you! thank you.

input: would love to find out where i can get the backsplash tile!
target: backsplash tile? where can i get it? would love to find out where i can get the backsplash tile! gorgeous!
output: backsplash. would love to find out where i can get the backsplash tile! thanks!

input: so who does make the chandeliers?
target: chandelier . this question has been asked several times but not answered. so who does make the chandeliers?
output: chandeliers. so who does make the chandeliers? who makes them?

input: where are they from?
target: chandeliers? where are they from? chandeliers?
output: chandeliers. where are they from? chandeliers?

input: these lights are gorgeous.manufacturer/brand?
target: these lights are gorgeous.manufacturer/brand? these lights are gorgeous.manufacturer/brand? thank you!
output: lights. these lights are gorgeous. manufacturer/brand? thank you

input: where can i find it, please?
target: range hood . range hood? where can i find it, please?
output: i love the pendant lights. where can i find it, please? thank you!

input: can anyone tell me what type or name of this countertop?
target: countertop help . can anyone tell me what type or name of this countertop? is it granite or quartz? i love everything about this kitchen and can't find any help regarding cabinet colors, backsplash, etc. thanks in advance.
output: countertop. can anyone tell me what type or name of this countertop? thank you

input: or where to get it please?
target: cooktop hood . is it custom made? what is it made out of? or where to get it please? thank you!
output: backsplash. love the backsplash! where to get it please?

input: also i would like to know what wood, finish, and/or glaze was used so that i can match it for the island that i will have built.
target: please tell me about the range hood and island. please tell me where to get that range hood. also i would like to know what wood, finish, and/or glaze was used so that i can match it for the island that i will have built. thanks. i look forward to a reply soon!
output: what wood is the island countertop? also i would like to know what wood, finish, and/or glaze was used so that i can match it for the island that i will have built. thank you.

input: they are exactly what i'm looking for!
target: faye . source for the counter height stools? they are exactly what i'm looking for!
output: what are the countertops? what are the countertops? they are exactly what i'm looking for!

input: please tell me where you got that chandelier.
target: chandelier . please tell me where you got that chandelier. thanks very much.
output: chandelier. please tell me where you got that chandelier. thank you.

input: link, please?
target: link, please? it is near impossible to find this house on your site. link please?
output: link, please? love the pendant lights! ! ! link, please?

input: can you please tell me the dimensions of this room please?
target: can you please tell me the dimensions of this room please? thanks! can you please tell me the dimensions of this room please? thanks!
output: dimensions. can you please tell me the dimensions of this room please? thanks!

input: could you please let me know the height of the cabinets' crowns?
target: could you please let me know the height of the cabinets' crowns? thank you. could you please let me know the height of the cabinets' crowns? thank you.
output: crown crown. could you please let me know the height of the cabinets' crowns? thank you!

input: would this kitchen be concidered a classic style ?
target: style . would this kitchen be concidered a classic style ? thanks,
output: would this kitchen be concidered a classic style? i'm planning on doing a similar style in my kitchen. i'm planning on doing something similar in my kitchen.

input: very similar lay out to what we are working on.
target: love the counter/island and pendant lights . i love the layout, and the finishing touches on this. great job! very similar lay out to what we are working on. the pendant lights are great, we are planning to those. where did you find these? also, what material is the island counter top? and the color of the cabinets? perfect!
output: love the chairs. very similar lay out to what we are working on. thank you!

input: did they use the marble or whatever the counter is, up the backsplash.
target: is the countertop marble? did they use the marble or whatever the counter is, up the backsplash. where do i find stools like that?
output: marble countertops. did they use the marble or whatever the counter is, up the backsplash. where did they get them?

input: what was the wood and stain color used?
target: it looks like the cabinet was stained. what was the wood and stain color used? we are building a house. thank you very much.
output: what was the wood and stain color used? i love this kitchen! what was the wood and stain color used?

input: what type of marble is the worktop?
target: type of countertop, is gorgeous! hello! what type of marble is the worktop? is gorgeous!
output: countertop. what type of marble is the worktop? is it marble or sawn?

input: how tall is the ceiling?
target: how tall is the ceiling? my ceiling will be 10ft. will that be too tall for ceiling height cabinets. love this kitchen.
output: ceiling. how tall is the ceiling? thanks

input: do you have info for the pendant lights, brand, model, etc?
target: love the pendants! do you have info for the pendant lights, brand, model, etc? they are the absolute perfect size and finish for that kitchen!
output: pendant lights. do you have info for the pendant lights, brand, model, etc? thank you!

input: can you please tell me the counter widths on either side of the stove as well as the ceiling height?
target: i love this kitchen! can you please tell me the counter widths on either side of the stove as well as the ceiling height? thank you kindly.
output: dimensions of stove. can you please tell me the counter widths on either side of the stove as well as the ceiling height? thank you!

input: dimensions, where to buy, etc.
target: beautiful! love the pendant lights. do you know their details? thanks! this kitchen is gorgeous, i've used it for inspiration for a lot of our current remodel. i love the pendant lights . can you provide any details? dimensions, where to buy, etc. thank you so much!
output: dimensions. hi there! dimensions, where to buy, etc. thank you!

input: is the grout colored or stained, or is it just a shadow?
target: backsplash grout color . the grout color looks very subtle, but nice. is the grout colored or stained, or is it just a shadow? if so, what color/shade is it? thanks.
output: grout color? is the grout colored or stained, or is it just a shadow? what is the color?

input: love the island, can you please tell me what the dimensions are?
target: island dimensions? love the island, can you please tell me what the dimensions are? thank you!
output: dimensions. love the island, can you please tell me what the dimensions are? thanks!

input: would you please provide the flooring information and cabinet paint color?
target: flooring and cabinets . would you please provide the flooring information and cabinet paint color? thank you!
output: flooring information please. would you please provide the flooring information and cabinet paint color? thank you!

input: beautiful look can you tell me about the flooring, it looks easy care?
target: beautiful look can you tell me about the flooring, it looks easy care? what is brand, color, finish. how would you describe the color in person? many thanks, (solid wood or engineered)
output: flooring. beautiful look can you tell me about the flooring, it looks easy care? thank you

input: best neutral color for high ceiling living room?
target: best neutral color for high ceiling living room? i need a good living room color. it's currently accessible beige. want something a little warmer that also goes with pale blue and white.
output: best neutral color for high ceiling living room? i have a dreamy kitchen that i'm going to do with a similar color. i'm trying to decide between a white or white.

input: can you please tell me style and source?
target: cabinet hardware is really unique . can you please tell me style and source? thanks!
output: cabinets. love the cabinets. can you please tell me style and source? thank you!

input: what are the dimensions on the bench?
target: what are the dimensions on the bench? i want to make space on my kitchen for a little nook like this. how much space do i need?
output: what are the dimensions on the bench? i'm about to see if the dimensions are correct. thanks!

input: any less expensive options?
target: tulip table. less expensive option? any less expensive options?
output: i have a client that wants something like that. any less expensive options? thanks

input: who makes it?
target: i love that bag! who makes it? thank you!
output: love the pendant. who makes it? thanks

input: could you tell me where i would be able to find it?
target: i absolutely love the light fixture. could you tell me where i would be able to find it? thank you
output: i love the light fixture over the island. could you tell me where i would be able to find it? thank you!

input: love what appears to be a light wood floor.
target: what type of wood floor and what brand? love what appears to be a light wood floor. interested in any details on it.
output: what type of wood floor? love what appears to be a light wood floor. what is the stain?

input: could the details for the substantial curtain rod holding the shade be supplied here?
target: elizabeth in virginia . could the details for the substantial curtain rod holding the shade be supplied here? that is just what i need!
output: what type of curtain rod was used here? could the details for the substantial curtain rod holding the shade be supplied here? thank you!

input: can you share dimensions of the window in the kitchen.
target: window in kitchen . can you share dimensions of the window in the kitchen. this house is incredible!
output: window in kitchen. can you share dimensions of the window in the kitchen. is it a 36”or 36”? thanks

input: what color/brand of quartz was used on the perimeter counter top?
target: perimeter counter tops? what color/brand of quartz was used on the perimeter counter top? thank you!
output: what color/brand of quartz was used on the perimeter counter top? i'm planning on doing something similar in my new home. i'm planning on doing something similar.

input: could you please tell me the width of the cabinet to the right of the kitchen sink?
target: cabinetry . amazing kitchen and very inspirational for my remodel. could you please tell me the width of the cabinet to the right of the kitchen sink? i would love to know the overall width and then the width of the inset door as well, and, if possible, the height of the bottom and upper cabinet. thank you so much.
output: cabinet door. could you please tell me the width of the cabinet to the right of the kitchen sink? thank you!

input: are these custom or can i find them on.line somewhere?
target: island corbels . loves the corbels that hold up the counter top. are these custom or can i find them on.line somewhere? thank you!
output: are these custom or can i find them on. line somewhere? thank you!

input: why would you do this?
target: why would you do this? you have a marble topped island, perfect for pastry making. the pull out unit is sweet and ingenious but.unnecessary.
output: why would you do this? i have a kitchen that needs a light fixture. it's perfect for this. i'm planning on doing something like this for my new house.

input: what did you use for the curtain rod?
target: what did you use for the curtain rod? i have a window this long and have always wanted to "suspend" a large rod across all three, like in your picture. yours almost looks like it could be a curtain rod but i know they're not long enough. details please. thank you!
output: what did you use for the curtain rod? is it wood or lvt? what is the wood that comes through this?

input: however, my cabinet designer is saying that the roll out counter will be too heavy to pull out if i use countertop material (quartzite) instead if a butcher block.
target: roll out counter . i love the roll out counter since it gives me a lower and more comfortable counter height space to work on since i'm shorter (don't want a custom height for the counters). i am currently trying to work this idea into my kitchen remodel. however, my cabinet designer is saying that the roll out counter will be too heavy to pull out if i use countertop material (quartzite) instead if a butcher block. and she is also concerned that the caster wheels will scratch the hardwood floors we're having installed. have these been issues w/this design? does the counter wiggle at all when you're working on it?
output: roll out counter. i love this kitchen! i'm trying to figure out if this roll out counter will be too heavy to pull out if i use countertop material(quartzite) instead if a butcher block. i am currently planning on a kitchen like this. however, my cabinet designer is saying that the roll out counter will be too heavy to pull out if i use countertop material(

input: please what type of wood and stain?
target: love the floors! please what type of wood and stain? thanks
output: floors. please what type of wood and stain? thanks

input: what's the name of this kitchen faucet and who makes it?
target: kitchen faucet . what's the name of this kitchen faucet and who makes it? thanks!
output: kitchen faucet. what's the name of this kitchen faucet and who makes it? thanks!

input: are there specs available or plans?
target: i would like to adapt the kneading pullout to an island for my small k . are there specs available or plans? the island will be tiny.maybe a 36" wide cabinet.
output: i am currently planning a house. are there specs available or plans? thanks!

input: could you please share the color of the island?
target: gorgeous island!! could you please share the color of the island? thank you in advance!
output: could you please share the color of the island? thank you. it's beautiful!

input: can you easily adjust the position of shade in window?
target: window shade . how does the shade work? pull to lower and raise? can you easily adjust the position of shade in window? where can i find?
output: window shade. can you easily adjust the position of shade in window? is it a 36" or 36" ? thanks

input: full flush inset or set in frame or overlay door and drawer style?
target: this is my dream kitchen! awesome! what is the technique of cabinets making here . full flush inset or set in frame or overlay door and drawer style? which one is best and the worse? thanks!
output: full flush inset or set in frame or overlay door and drawer style? i'm doing a full flush flush and i want to do this in my kitchen. i'm guessing this is the best looking cabinets i've seen! thanks!

input: i would like to know where is the fridge in this ktchen?
target: i would like to know where is the fridge in this ktchen? thank you. it's beautiful.
output: where is the fridge in this ktchen? i would like to know where is the fridge in this ktchen? thanks!

input: tops, does that mean it's actually13' wide from arch wall to sink wall?
target: when you said it's 11' wide plus cabinets andamp. tops, does that mean it's actually13' wide from arch wall to sink wall? is 3' enough space btwn island andamp. sink? trying to figure if this can work in our house. love it.i'm happy to see it is possible to do an arch this wide!
output: dimensions of island and sink. tops, does that mean it's actually13' wide from arch wall to sink wall? thanks!

input: can you please share the maker/model.
target: l like the look of the kitchen faucet. can you please share the maker/model. thank you!
output: i love the pendant lights. can you please share the maker/model. thank you.

input: can you please tell me the brand of cabinets and door style in this kitchen?
target: this is such a beautiful kitchen. can you please tell me the brand of cabinets and door style in this kitchen? gorgeous work!
output: cabinets and door style. can you please tell me the brand of cabinets and door style in this kitchen? thank you!

input: what type of wood and finish used for this island top?
target: what type of wood and finish used for this island top? how does it hold up to wear and tear of kitchen? looks great!
output: what type of wood and finish used for this island top? i'm planning to do something similar. thanks!

input: hello please could you tell me what is the size or the total are of this kitchen?
target: our new house, new kitchen . hello please could you tell me what is the size or the total are of this kitchen? and what is the size of the island? mane many thanks
output: size. hello please could you tell me what is the size or the total are of this kitchen? thank you!

input: can you please tell me how wide the legs on the island are?
target: island legs . can you please tell me how wide the legs on the island are? 4" x 4"? thank you!
output: legs. can you please tell me how wide the legs on the island are? thanks!

input: stains such as red wine?
target: how durable is quartz? stains such as red wine? durability, stains?
output: stains such as red wine? what stain stain? thanks

input: can you tell me the name of tile used and color of counter top?!
target: our new kitchen . can you tell me the name of tile used and color of counter top?! thank you! beautiful work
output: tile used in kitchen remodel. can you tell me the name of tile used and color of counter top? ! thank you!

input: i was curious what you dimensions were on this project abs if you had any further comments or suggestions.
target: distance between island and countertops . first, beautiful design and finishes. really caught my eye. i'm considering a u shaped kitchen design with a 9 foot island. i currently have 4 feet in either end and 5 feet on the long side. i was curious what you dimensions were on this project abs if you had any further comments or suggestions. thank you!!
output: dimensions. i was curious what you dimensions were on this project abs if you had any further comments or suggestions. thank you!

input: can you tell me where that is from?
target: i love the pendant lights. can you tell me where that is from? thank y . love this whole kitchen! it's my inspiration photo! please tell me the source for the pendant lights!
output: i love the pendant lights! can you tell me where that is from? thank you!

input: trying to find specifically how wide the island is.
target: kitchen island . thank you for the measurement of the overhang on the island. is the cabinet below 24"? trying to find specifically how wide the island is. thanks again!
output: how wide is the island? trying to find specifically how wide the island is. thanks

input: hello, i see you said the island is roughly 4 x 10 but could you please tell me how much of that is cabinet and how much is the overhang?
target: island size . hello, i see you said the island is roughly 4 x 10 but could you please tell me how much of that is cabinet and how much is the overhang? thank you!
output: what is the island size? hello, i see you said the island is roughly 4 x 10 but could you please tell me how much of that is cabinet and how much is the overhang? thanks!

input: what type of fabric?
target: what is quartizite? what type of fabric? quartz? give the rating of use for quartzite fabric compared to quartz and solid service.
output: what type of fabric? what type of fabric? thanks

input: how high should a pendant light be hung above a kitchen countertop /island with a stove?
target: help hanging pendant . how high should a pendant light be hung above a kitchen countertop /island with a stove? lights are not directly above burners.
output: how high should a pendant light be hung above a kitchen countertop/island with a stove? i have a question and am trying to figure out how to use this design in my kitchen. i'm guessing the range will be overhang next year and i'm guessing the range. but i don't see how that matters.

input: when designing a kitchen what do u start with?cabinets.floor.
target: when designing a kitchen what do u start with?cabinets.floor. counters . i love your style.thank u
output: what is the wall color? when designing a kitchen what do u start with? cabinets. floor. floors. i love this!

input: what size of beveled white subway tile and where can i buy them?
target: space between the hood and upper cabinet . one of the salesman told us we need to have 6" inch space between the upper wall and the hood ( the regulation). planning to install the 48 inch wolf range top. but i did not see that in this picture. what size of beveled white subway tile and where can i buy them? thanks yani
output: what size of beveled white subway tile and where can i buy them? i have a customer that wants this backsplash. what size of beveled white subway tile and where can i buy them? thanks

input: can you please tell me the manufacturer ?
target: countertop . i can't find anything called "silver water" quartzite. can you please tell me the manufacturer ?
output: can you please tell me the manufacturer? i have a customer that wants the same range. thank you.

input: is the counter top in photo granite it quartz?
target: is the counter top in photo granite it quartz? and what is the name of . i have similar color cabinets and can't find something i alike
output: is the counter top in photo granite it quartz? what color is the wall? is the counter top in photo granite it quartz?

input: what is the dimensions of the kitchen?
target: square footage . what is the dimensions of the kitchen? is and?
output: what is the dimensions of the kitchen? is this a pantry? what is the dimensions of the kitchen?

input: what color/brand cabinets are these?
target: cabinets? what color/brand cabinets are these? i love the tone/color with the floors.
output: what color/brand cabinets are these? i love the cabinets! what color/brand cabinets are these?

input: where did you get the barstools?
target: where did you get the barstools? where can i get the barstools? what brand? are they counter height?
output: where did you get the barstools? love them! where can i get them?

input: what is the type of wood used for the legs of the island?
target: what is the type of wood used for the legs of the island? i love the wood on this island. what type of wood is used?
output: what is the type of wood used for the legs of the island? i love this!

input: i'm wondering if the island is higher than average to have the wooden detail on it and standard height bar stools?
target: chairs and island . i'm wondering if the island is higher than average to have the wooden detail on it and standard height bar stools? i love the idea, but with a 27" high bar stool i don't see how you can comfortably sit at a 36" high counter.
output: what is the height of the stools? i'm wondering if the island is higher than average to have the wooden detail on it and standard height bar stools? thanks!

input: do you recommend it ?
target: painting cabinets . i have london espresso kitchen and i am really considering painting them to grey bottom and white top cabinets. i currently have solid white counter. do you recommend it ?
output: love the rug! do you recommend it? thanks

input: who manufactures the flooring?
target: flooring source? who manufactures the flooring? love it!
output: flooring. who manufactures the flooring? what is the stain color?

input: what is the ceiling height?
target: great job on the kithen. what is the ceiling height? thank you!
output: ceiling. what is the ceiling height? thanks

input: who make the range hood?
target: range hood? who make the range hood? looking for one that can be flush with cabinets above like seen here.
output: range hood? who make the range hood? it's beautiful!

input: do you have full access of the fridge with the door against a wall?
target: fridge . do you have full access of the fridge with the door against a wall? how do you pull out crisp drawers in the fridge? thanks
output: fridge. do you have full access of the fridge with the door against a wall? thank you!

input: could you tell me what the backsplash is made of?
target: gorgeous kitchen! could you tell me what the backsplash is made of? it looks like white marble tiles?
output: backsplash. could you tell me what the backsplash is made of? thanks

input: hi can you give me the dimensions of this space?
target: dimensions . hi can you give me the dimensions of this space? thanks!
output: dimensions. hi can you give me the dimensions of this space? thanks!

input: can you tell me the depth of this liner inside the hood?
target: liner and hood question . can you tell me the depth of this liner inside the hood? i’ve bought the same range and wanted to make sure my liner hood would have enough depth to pull the smoke from the front burners. thank you
output: liner and hood. can you tell me the depth of this liner inside the hood? thank you.

input: you mentioned that the other side of the raised countertop is boxed and has outlets, wondering if you continued the countertop up?
target: raised bar backsplash . you mentioned that the other side of the raised countertop is boxed and has outlets, wondering if you continued the countertop up? what material did you use to gap the raised bar to the countertop. looks great btw!
output: raised countertop. you mentioned that the other side of the raised countertop is boxed and has outlets, wondering if you continued the countertop up? i'm curious what is the name of this kitchen. thanks!

input: what is the ceiling height?
target: beautiful kitchen. what is the ceiling height? my new construction home will have ceilings that are 8'1" and i'm trying to figure out if these beautiful pendant lights would work in the space. also, thank you for all of your helpful responses. with 42 questions asked, you've obviously designed a space that has garnered a lot of positive attention.
output: what is the ceiling height? beautiful! what is the ceiling height?

input: where are the pendant light fixtures from?
target: light fixtures? where are the pendant light fixtures from? thanks jasmina
output: where are the pendant light fixtures from? love them! love them!

input: can you please share the style and manufacturer?
target: beautiful kitchen pendant lights . i love these kitchen pendants. they're very unusual. can you please share the style and manufacturer? thank you!
output: love the pendants! can you please share the style and manufacturer? thank you!

input: are the cabinets pure white or a light cream color.
target: stunning kitchen . are the cabinets pure white or a light cream color. i agree this is the best looking kitchen i've see. love the play between the warm and cool tones and the different elements.
output: cabinets. are the cabinets pure white or a light cream color. i love the cabinets!

input: can share the name brand and color of backsplash tile?
target: backsplash . can share the name brand and color of backsplash tile? is it glass or ceramic tile? thank you, mindy
output: backsplash. can share the name brand and color of backsplash tile? thank you!

input: i have a log house with tandamp.g ceiling and i want to do white cabinets instead of fir with the absolute black granite that's why i love this so much.
target: what type of flooring is that? i am struggling on what to put on my kitchen floor. i have a log house with tandamp.g ceiling and i want to do white cabinets instead of fir with the absolute black granite that's why i love this so much.
output: what is the flooring? i have a log house with tandamp. g ceiling and i want to do white cabinets instead of fir with the absolute black granite that's why i love this so much.

input: do you know the length of the main cabinet wall including the fridge?
target: do you know the length of the main cabinet wall including the fridge? i love this kitchen and we are remodeling ours. i would love for it to look like this.
output: what is the length of the main cabinet wall including the fridge? i love this kitchen. do you know the length of the main cabinet wall including the fridge?

input: what is the depth of the bar, ie, kneewell space?
target: bar . beautiful kitchen! what is the depth of the bar, ie, kneewell space?
output: bar depth and depth. what is the depth of the bar, ie, kneewell space? thanks

input: this set up looks great, particularly how microwave is placed.
target: what is the make and specification on the microwave oven? this set up looks great, particularly how microwave is placed. can u tell us the specifications the microwave oven? we have not been able to find me that looks the same. thanks!
output: where is the microwave? this set up looks great, particularly how microwave is placed. thanks!

input: what kind of tile was used for the backsplash?
target: backsplash . i'd like to echo other thing is wonderful and refreshing and chose you to be kind, generous person. what kind of tile was used for the backsplash? thank you in advance?
output: backsplash. what kind of tile was used for the backsplash? it looks like it's a marble slab.

input: one more question, what material is the hood made of?
target: thank you, and the hood? i have to agree with the person thanking you for being so generous with the info! thank you! one more question, what material is the hood made of? oh, and being from oregon, i'll have to look up you and your sources. fantastic kitchen
output: what material is the hood? one more question, what material is the hood made of? thank you!

input: where were they purchased.
target: i love the stools. where were they purchased. are they bar or counter
output: love the stools. where were they purchased. thank you.

input: what are the heights of the island counters?
target: island counter heights . what are the heights of the island counters? i want one area in our kitchen to roll pie dough, knead bread, etc. the plans for our aging in place home have the entire island (76" x 44") at 30 inches. not sure i want to do that. thanks.
output: what are the heights of the island counters? i love the island. what are the heights of the island counters? thanks

input: it is beautiful but can it hold up under every day family use?
target: raised counter . what wood was used for the raised counter andamp. what was used to seal or protect it? it is beautiful but can it hold up under every day family use?
output: what is the brand of the countertop? it is beautiful but can it hold up under every day family use? thank you!

input: being that it is slate was it already glazed or was it sealed after install ?
target: backsplash . being that it is slate was it already glazed or was it sealed after install ? you have inspired me , very functional layout for my style and put together so very well. thank you for all of the answers
output: is this slate a natural natural stone? being that it is slate was it already glazed or was it sealed after install? what is the name of this stone?

input: is it following a specific style or design movement?
target: is it following a specific style or design movement? i like the mixing of bricks and wood! this is bauhaus. doesn't it?
output: is it following a specific style or design movement? i love the pendant lights! what are they? what are they?

input: what is the paint color.
target: so gorgeious!! what is the paint color. i'd love to try a sample on my wall! thanks.
output: what is the paint color. i love this kitchen! what is the paint color. thank you!

input: can i purchase those bar posts/legs from a particular manufacturer?
target: bar legs/posts . can i purchase those bar posts/legs from a particular manufacturer? what are the height on those? thanks!
output: bar posts/legs. can i purchase those bar posts/legs from a particular manufacturer? they are beautiful!

input: what are the dimensions of this kitchen?
target: what are the dimensions of this kitchen? island? room dims?
output: what are the dimensions of this kitchen? i love this layout. what are the dimensions of this kitchen?

input: where did you hide the electric outlets?
target: electric outlets . love the look. where did you hide the electric outlets?
output: electric outlets. where did you hide the electric outlets? they are perfect!

input: where can i get the counter stools?
target: where can i get the counter stools? they are perfect. i have been looking all over for that stool. where are they from?
output: where can i get the counter stools? thanks. i have a great kitchen and i want to do something similar.

input: could you please tell me how i could get this design.
target: amazing kitchen! i would like to order this same hood for our kitchen remodel. could you please tell me how i could get this design. is it an insert?. i 'd like it in 42" for a 36" range. thanks in advance.
output: i am planning to do a similar design and i want to do a similar style for my kitchen. could you please tell me how i could get this design. thank you

input: what are the hardwood floors?
target: beautiful! what are the hardwood floors? beautiful! what are the hardwood floors?
output: what are the hardwood floors? what are the hardwood floors? thanks

input: can you share what the wall pain color is?
target: paint color . can you share what the wall pain color is? it's perfect here!
output: wall pain color. can you share what the wall pain color is? thank you!

input: is the island painted or stained ?
target: island paint or stain ? is the island painted or stained ? thank you!
output: island paint color. is the island painted or stained? thank you!

input: what are the dimensions of the kitchen thanks
target: dimensions . this is a beautiful kitchen. what are the dimensions of the kitchen thanks
output: dimensions. what are the dimensions of the kitchen thanks

input: would you mind sharing what type of wood species was used for the island cabinetry please?
target: beautiful island! would you mind sharing what type of wood species was used for the island cabinetry please? thank you!
output: what type of wood species was used for the island cabinetry please? thank you. would you mind sharing what type of wood species was used for the island cabinetry please? thank you!

input: are they from restoration hardware ( morgan track line) and if so, what color is the leather and what finish are the wooden legs?
target: counter stools . these counter stools look perfect in this kitchen. are they from restoration hardware ( morgan track line) and if so, what color is the leather and what finish are the wooden legs? thank you!
output: what type of wood and trim? are they from restoration hardware(morgan track line) and if so, what color is the leather and what finish are the wooden legs? thanks!

input: just wanted to know what are designers using more now a one inch (width) or 1 1/2 inch??
target: i am planning to put quartz in the kitchen counter . just wanted to know what are designers using more now a one inch (width) or 1 1/2 inch?? i have a big kitchen, some people say should go with conservative width. as in understand the one inch is the more modern. any advise please? thank you, er
output: what is the width of the cabinets? just wanted to know what are designers using more now a one inch(width) or 1/2 inch? ? thank you!

input: what is the name of the color grey on the cabinets, brand ?
target: grey . what is the name of the color grey on the cabinets, brand ? thank you.
output: what is the name of the color grey on the cabinets, brand? i love this kitchen! what is the name of the color grey on the cabinets, brand?

input: what color is the paint on the surrounding walls?
target: paint color of walls . beautifully done! what color is the paint on the surrounding walls?
output: what color is the paint on the surrounding walls? i love this! what color is the paint on the surrounding walls?

input: do the island lights provide good overall lighting?
target: stunning kitchen . this kitchen is just beautiful. elegant, classic, modern. love the hood. do the island lights provide good overall lighting? just curious. they are quite fun. and i'm guessing these are 10' ceilings?
output: what is the island lighting? do the island lights provide good overall lighting? thank you!

input: what color are the white cabinets?
target: cabinets . what color are the white cabinets? thanks!
output: what color are the white cabinets? i love this kitchen!

input: can you share floor details?
target: floor . can you share floor details? beautiful job
output: floor. can you share floor details? thank you.

input: i love when the cooktop and range sit alone!
target: beautiful! nicely done! can you tell make/model of range hood . and counters. i love when the cooktop and range sit alone!
output: what is the rangetop and range sit alone! i love when the cooktop and range sit alone! thank you!

input: could we have permission to use this photo with our blog?
target: photo permission? hi there, i'm writing a blog for woodiq.com on cabinet storage. this is a great example of storage done to the max! could we have permission to use this photo with our blog? we would, of course, provide a link back to your houzz page and the photo. thanks!
output: photo permission. could we have permission to use this photo with our blog? we are planning on the same project and we are currently planning on a similar project.

input: this is what i really need in my house.
target: unit width . this is what i really need in my house. how wide is the whole unit?
output: what is the wall color? this is what i really need in my house. is it wood or paint?

input: did you put any special material on the side of the pull out near the cooktop?
target: safety concern ! tall pantry next to a stove . i am considering placing a tall pantry cabinet next to my whirlpool stove. did you put any special material on the side of the pull out near the cooktop? is it safe to place cabinetry that close? or did you leave a space? i can't tell from the picture. thanks i have a small kitchen with lots of quirks and that is probably the best place in the layout but i want to be sure it's safe. love the photo.
output: pull out pull. did you put any special material on the side of the pull out near the cooktop? it looks like the side of the pull out is sealed and that is sealed. thanks!

input: hos wide are the tall pull outs?
target: fabulous. hos wide are the tall pull outs? what brand cabinets?
output: tall pull outs. hos wide are the tall pull outs? thank you!

input: could you please tell me if you store dishes in the large drawers in the middle and if so, could you tell me the dimensions of the drawers?
target: middle drawers . i love all the organization . could you please tell me if you store dishes in the large drawers in the middle and if so, could you tell me the dimensions of the drawers? i have some similar planned and am worried that my dishes might not fit in a 3.drawer stack. thanks so much!
output: what is the dimensions of the dishes? could you please tell me if you store dishes in the large drawers in the middle and if so, could you tell me the dimensions of the drawers? thank you!

input: can you tell me what brand of cabinets these are?
target: can you tell me what brand of cabinets these are? i love the functionality. as the design/build co. is in ny and i'm in ohio i hope to find a local source for same brand. many thanks!
output: cabinets. can you tell me what brand of cabinets these are? thank you!

input: the cabinets are great but how tall do you have to be to use them?
target: sliding cabinets . the cabinets are great but how tall do you have to be to use them? not very efficient if items can not be easily accessible.
output: cabinet size. the cabinets are great but how tall do you have to be to use them? thank you!

input: how wide are the tall pantry cabinets?
target: measurement . how wide are the tall pantry cabinets? thanks!
output: how wide are the tall pantry cabinets? i have a similar ceiling and am trying to figure out if this pantry will work in this space. i have a similar ceiling and am trying to figure out if this pantry will work in this space.

input: does anyone know of one that effective, and discreet?
target: kitchen fan? hard to tell if there is one above the stove. if so, i love how discreet it is. does anyone know of one that effective, and discreet?
output: what is the range hood? is that a vent? does anyone know of one that effective, and discreet?

input: i like how you painted such an industrial piece a charming color to warm its presence in the area.
target: ceiling fan? what is the fan at the top right corner. i like how you painted such an industrial piece a charming color to warm its presence in the area.
output: what is the stain on the walls? i like how you painted such an industrial piece a charming color to warm its presence in the area. thank you.

input: can i get specs on the pull out pantry cabinets next to the cooktop?
target: can i get specs on the pull out pantry cabinets next to the cooktop? we have a project which requires this type of pull out and our cabinet maker is having difficulties finding the insides and rollers for this type of cabinet. thank you very much.
output: can i get specs on the pull out pantry cabinets next to the cooktop? i am planning on going with a similar look and i am worried it won't come close to being a" bottom cabinet" . i'm guessing that the bottom must be 1 inch. what is the depth of the bottom and the bottom. thanks!

input: if we did end up trying (fingers crossed) to turn this into a diy project, is there a possibility to get a picture of the right side of the piece so we can see exactly how it looks on that end vs the left side that you have clearly displayed in the picture?
target: cost . first off, your work is impeccable! my fiance and i are currently doing a renovation project on a home we just purchased and our goal is to resell in a year. unfortunately the kitchen space requires a lot of work and the space is limited. we found this piece of yours and we instantly knew we had to have it in the space. my question is, what would the cost of a piece such as this cost us to purchase (if possible)? if we did end up trying (fingers crossed) to turn this into a diy project, is there a possibility to get a picture of the right side of the piece so we can see exactly how it looks on that end vs the left side that you have clearly displayed in the picture? thank you so much!
output: how did you use the right side of the piece? if we did end up trying(fingers crossed) to turn this into a diy project, is there a picture of the right side of the piece so we can see exactly how it looks on that end vs we can see exactly how it looks on that end. thanks.

input: what type of hinges are used for the doors?
target: what type of hinges are used for the doors? we have a similar cabinet and our hinges are going and we are not able to find any replacements. any thoughts?
output: what type of hinges are used for the doors? they are beautiful! what type of hinges are used for the doors? thank you!

input: can we buy a plan for this through you to make sure everything is perfect , for contractor in case above our abilities?
target: plan for sale? can we buy a plan for this through you to make sure everything is perfect , for contractor in case above our abilities? how diy easy is this for a mediocre handy person. love this.wonderful plan! so impressive! any reply is greatly appreciated!
output: plan for contractor. can we buy a plan for this through you to make sure everything is perfect, for contractor in case above our abilities? thank you!

input: where can i find the shelving shown in the picture of boswell constructions kitchen.
target: kitchen shelving . where can i find the shelving shown in the picture of boswell constructions kitchen. brass rods with white shelving?
output: where can i find the shelving shown in the picture of boswell constructions kitchen. i have a client that wants the shelving. where can i find it? thank you.

input: what type of material is used for the kitchen hood?
target: kitchen hood . what type of material is used for the kitchen hood? i like the way it is the same design as the cabinets.
output: what type of material is used for the kitchen hood? i love the look! thank you!

input: what color white is this?
target: what is the wall color? i have cabinets the same color and i want to do dark hardwood floors and i'm debating between a grey wall or white. what color white is this?
output: what color white is this? i love this kitchen!

input: what are the countertops made of and which company?
target: what are the countertops? what are the countertops made of and which company? thanks
output: what are the countertops? what are the countertops? what are the company? what is the name of them?

input: would you mind telling me what the backsplash is?
target: backsplash . beautiful kitchen!! would you mind telling me what the backsplash is? many thanks!
output: backsplash. would you mind telling me what the backsplash is? thanks!

input: can you please share the color of cabinets and name and source of handles and the pendant lights?
target: love this! love the cabinets and handles. can you please share the color of cabinets and name and source of handles and the pendant lights?
output: what is the color of cabinets and handles? can you please share the color of cabinets and name and source of handles and the pendant lights? thank you.

input: is this a prefinished red oak hardwood or finished on site?
target: floor? is this a prefinished red oak hardwood or finished on site? and what color stain?
output: flooring. is this a prefinished red oak hardwood or finished on site? what is the stain?

input: beam stain color?
target: beam stain color? love love! please let me know the stain color.
output: beam stain color? looks like the beam stain color. thanks

input: do you recommend to consider the height of the person working in the kitchen?
target: height for hanging pendants . stunning kitchen! i am curious the height to the bottom of the pendants. do you recommend to consider the height of the person working in the kitchen? should you be able to see across the room below the bottom of the light? thanks for any advice!
output: height of kitchen. do you recommend to consider the height of the person working in the kitchen? thanks!

input: can you tell me a little bit more about the beams?
target: type of beams? love this! can you tell me a little bit more about the beams? what kind of wood are they?
output: beams. can you tell me a little bit more about the beams? what type of wood? what type?

input: do you happen to know the dimensions of the wooden beams?
target: love this space!!! do you happen to know the dimensions of the wooden beams? thank you!
output: beams. do you happen to know the dimensions of the wooden beams? thanks

input: can you tell me if these cabinets are inset or full overlay?
target: cabinet style. inset or full overlay? can you tell me if these cabinets are inset or full overlay? thank you!
output: cabinets. can you tell me if these cabinets are inset or full overlay? thank you!

input: can you please tell me the width of your rails and stiles on the cabinets?
target: rails and stiles? beautiful kitchen!!! can you please tell me the width of your rails and stiles on the cabinets?
output: rails and stiles? this is a beautiful kitchen! can you please tell me the width of your rails and stiles on the cabinets? thank you!

input: were you able to find a 10' slab of marble or is there a seam?
target: marble island question . i love this kitchen! were you able to find a 10' slab of marble or is there a seam? thank you!
output: marble. were you able to find a 10' slab of marble or is there a seam? thank you!

input: which size lantern is pictured, the 12 or 17 inch?
target: lighting . which size lantern is pictured, the 12 or 17 inch? is it the gilded iron? what size is the island? thank you
output: what size is the lantern? which size lantern is pictured, the 12 or 17 inch? thank you!

input: can you please tell me what kind of range that is?
target: range . absolutely gorgeous! can you please tell me what kind of range that is? wolf?
output: range. can you please tell me what kind of range that is? thank you!

input: how did you match counter top and back splash?
target: back splash . how did you match counter top and back splash? are they the same material? thanks
output: how did you match counter top and back splash? i love this! how did you match counter top and back splash? thank you!

input: what is the countertop on the island?
target: what is the countertop on the island? i love the countertop on the island. what is it? the name of it. thanks
output: what is the countertop on the island? is that countertop that you used? thank you!

input: not sure if i need 4 or 5 how wide are they.
target: details on these bar stools please . send to gknight@knightonline.com. not sure if i need 4 or 5 how wide are they.
output: how wide are the cabinets? not sure if i need 4 or 5 how wide are they. thanks

input: can you tell me what type of counter tops the are and also what kind of tiles these are for the back splash.
target: can you tell me what type of counter tops and backplash . can you tell me what type of counter tops the are and also what kind of tiles these are for the back splash. thank you
output: what type of counter tops are these? can you tell me what type of counter tops the are and also what kind of tiles these are for the back splash. thanks

input: who makes the pendants please?
target: manufacture of pendants . i need to look up if there is a collection. who makes the pendants please?
output: pendants. who makes the pendants please? thank you.

input: is that a shade i see tucked up in the top of the windows?
target: window coverings . is that a shade i see tucked up in the top of the windows? if so, what are they?
output: is that a shade i see tucked up in the top of the windows? i'm planning on doing something similar in my new home. i'm planning on doing something similar in my new home.

input: what manufacturer created the parts in this lighting set up?
target: love the warehouse look! the lighting is very creatively done. how did you do the lighting. it looks like it is attached or going through a tube. what manufacturer created the parts in this lighting set up? susan
output: what manufacturer created the parts in this lighting set up? i'm in love with this. it's a beautiful feel to it.

input: are they steel.
target: doors . are they steel. who makes them. contact i for please.
output: cabinets. are they steel. what brand?

input: is the window interior color brown or black?
target: window interior color . is the window interior color brown or black? thank you! we are trying to decide which color to go with.
output: window interior color. is the window interior color brown or black? what is the color?

input: what** are the dimensions of all the windows and doors in this photo?
target: what are the dimensions . what** are the dimensions of all the windows and doors in this photo? total typo in the last one . i couldn't believe it!
output: what are the dimensions of the windows and doors in this photo? what is the dimension of the windows and doors in this photo? thanks!

input: why are the dimensions of the doors and windows?
target: dimensions . why are the dimensions of the doors and windows? the lower (tall + those above the countertops) andamp. upper? thank you so much for all the information you've been volunteering on the photos of this project. i think it is the most beautiful home! absolutely my favorite on all of houzz. stunning work!
output: dimensions of the doors and windows? why are the dimensions of the doors and windows? thank you!

input: can you please tell me the color black that you used for the ceiling?
target: paint color . lovely kitchen! can you please tell me the color black that you used for the ceiling? is it a matte finish?
output: what is the finish on the ceiling? can you please tell me the color black that you used for the ceiling? is it a matte finish?

input: where did you go about creating this?
target: hanging track lights . i am very interested in this hanging track light system and am trying to do something similar for my new home. where did you go about creating this? if it's custom may i have some info so i can contact them to design something similar. any direction would help, thank you!
output: where did you go about creating this? love this! what is the material?

input: what is the flooring?
target: floor? what is the flooring? is that painted wood?
output: what is the flooring? is it wood or l. what is the flooring? what is the wood?

input: can you tell what metal/material was used to make this range hood?
target: what metal/material was used to make this range hood? can you tell what metal/material was used to make this range hood? thank you!
output: range hood. can you tell what metal/material was used to make this range hood? thank you.

input: would you share the length of the stove wall and the size of the windows?
target: this is very pretty. would you share the length of the stove wall and the size of the windows? thanks!
output: size of stove wall and windows. would you share the length of the stove wall and the size of the windows? thanks!

input: could you tell me about the hood.
target: i love this kitchen. could you tell me about the hood. is it wood encased?
output: could you tell me about the hood. is it custom made? is it custom? thanks

