Train:
input: what are the specific detailsof backsplash and counters?
target: what are the specific detailsof backsplash and counters? honed? lovely
output: what are the specific detailsof backsplash and counters? honed? i'd like to know the overall dimensions of the kitchen. thanks.

input: can you please tell me dimensions?
target: beautiful kitchen. can you please tell me dimensions? thanks!
output: dimensions. hi, i love this kitchen! can you please tell me dimensions?

input: what are the dimensions of each stool area?
target: island . what are the island dimensions? what are the dimensions of each stool area?
output: dimensions. what are the dimensions of each stool area? thanks!

input: are the electrical outlets and switches under the cabinets?
target: electrical outlets . are the electrical outlets and switches under the cabinets? if so, what brand did you use and is there a gfi (?) outlet? thank you!
output: electrical outlets. are the electrical outlets and switches under the cabinets? if so, what's the brand? thanks!

input: please tell me where i can purchase these stools.
target: stools . please tell me where i can purchase these stools. thank you
output: stools. please tell me where i can purchase these stools. thank you

input: what kind of wood are the cabinets because the finish is fairly even toned.
target: what color/application is on the cabinets? it looks to me like a washed stain, but not really sure. what kind of wood are the cabinets because the finish is fairly even toned. thank you,
output: cabinets. what is the even toned. what kind of wood are the cabinets because the finish is fairly even toned.

input: can you please please please tell me what brand the large black industrial pendants over the island are?!?!
target: pendants! can you please please please tell me what brand the large black industrial pendants over the island are?!?! been looking for these everywhere for my new kitchen!
output: kitchen. can you please please please tell me what brand the large black industrial pendants over the island are? ! ? ? this is the greatest kitchen i've seen!

input: could you share the source/type regarding the counter tops?
target: countertops? beautiful kitchen! could you share the source/type regarding the counter tops?
output: countertops? beautiful kitchen! could you share the source/type regarding the counter tops?

input: could you provide me with brand?
target: fireplace . love the fireplace! could you provide me with brand?
output: fireplace. love the fireplace! could you provide me with brand?

input: would love some info about the glass?acrylic ?
target: would love some info about the glass?acrylic ? kitchen table. does the table come in different sizes? it looks expandable.i love the look.
output: would love some info about the glass? acrylic? kitchen table. does the table come in different sizes? it looks expandable. i love the look.

input: i am wondering how much space you left between the back of the stove and the window?
target: distance from window to back of rais . hi, i am building a home with a very similar setup . a rais in front of a large window. i am wondering how much space you left between the back of the stove and the window? my code in canada states 16" but my contractor left 22" . feeling like this is way too much. thanks!
output: distance from window to back of stove. hi, i am building a home with a very similar layout. a rais in front of a large window. i am wondering how much space you left between the back of the stove and the window? my code in canada states 16" but my contractor left 22" . feeling like this is way too much. thanks!

input: what is the color of the grey cabinets?
target: cabinet color . love this kitchen, great eye for the designer. what is the color of the grey cabinets?
output: cabinet color. what is the color of the grey cabinets? it's stunning. thanks

input: is the hardware polished chrome or nickel?
target: is the hardware polished chrome or nickel? and the faucet as well? i could not find any information on the hardware amongst all the questions. thank you so much. this is a beautiful kitchen.
output: is the hardware polished chrome or nickel? and the faucet as well? i could not find any information on the hardware amongst all the questions. thank you.

input: are these the 10.5" or the 13.5" diameter everly pendants?
target: pendant size? great kitchen! are these the 10.5" or the 13.5" diameter everly pendants? thanks you!
output: pendant size? great kitchen! are these the 10.5" or the 13.5" diameter everly pendants? thanks!

input: i think the large size light in this fixture would be better ( 16" x 20") do you know which size of this light fixture was used?
target: our new home . we are building a home and have a 126 x 48 island. i think the large size light in this fixture would be better ( 16" x 20") do you know which size of this light fixture was used? small or large?
output: our new home. we are building a home and have a 126 x 48 island. i think the large size light in this fixture would be better(16" x 20" ) do you know which size of this light fixture was used? small or large?

input: what are the differences between this and granite?
target: quartz vs granite . love this counter top ! what are the differences between this and granite? is granite more expensive?
output: granite and quartz. what are the differences between this and granite? i love the rough hammered or brushed stone. how has granite been treated?

input: is this a custom color and if so, what is it?
target: the stain on the dark cabinets is stunning. is this a custom color and if so, what is it? thank you.
output: is this a custom color and if so, what is it? i have a customer that wants this kitchen and this is my style. it's stunning!

input: what material and color are the countertops?
target: countertops . beautiful kitchen! what material and color are the countertops? thanks.
output: countertops. what material and color are the countertops? they look great.

input: how thick is it, or how thick is it mitered to look?
target: counter thickness . gorgeous island! how thick is it, or how thick is it mitered to look? thank you!
output: counter thickness. gorgeous island! how thick is it, or how thick is it mitered to look? thank you!

input: what is the countertop material?
target: what is the countertop material? is this quartz? looks like the picture on the back of a sample i recently saw that was quartz master calacatta manhatten, but the description says neolith
output: counter material. i love this kitchen. what is the countertop material?

input: please let me know where i can order.
target: where is the light fixture from? looking for that look for our kitchen. please let me know where i can order. thanks !
output: where is the microwave? it's beautiful. please let me know where i can order. thanks.

input: faucet source?
target: faucet source? it seems to match the type i'll need for a 1940's sink i have. thanks!
output: faucet source? it seems to match the type i'll need for a 1940's sink i have. thanks!

input: does the window over the counter open?
target: does the window open? does the window over the counter open? would love it if it did!! what brand is it?
output: does the window open? does the window over the counter open? would love it if it did! ! what brand is it?

input: i've seen them on other houzz sites before but have forgotten where i can locate them.
target: where did the dish towels come from? i've seen them on other houzz sites before but have forgotten where i can locate them. thank you for your help.
output: where did the dish towels come from? i've seen them on other houzz sites before but have forgotten where i can locate them. thank you for your help.

input: what is the space between the stove and the island?
target: what is the space between the stove and the island? beautiful kitchen. what is the space between stove and island?
output: what is the space between the stove and the island? i have a small kitchen in our small island. thanks.

input: are the windows (right and left of stove) awning type?
target: windows? type and manufacurer? love this kitchen! are the windows (right and left of stove) awning type? who is the manufacturer? thank you.
output: windows? type and manufacurer? love this kitchen! are the windows(right and left of stove) awning type? who is the manufacturer? thank you.

input: who makes the pretty cheese board on the island?
target: who makes the pretty cheese board on the island? the kitchen is gorgeous. thanks for sharing it!
output: who makes the pretty cheese board on the island? the kitchen is amazing. thanks for sharing it!

input: what is the cabinet material and finish?
target: what is the cabinet material and finish? beautiful! gorgeous work!
output: what is the cabinet material and finish? beautiful! cabinet material?

input: can you pls tell me wha .
target: beautiful work!!! one of my favorite kitchens! can you pls tell me wha . thank you!
output: beautiful work! ! ! one of my favorite kitchens! can you pls tell me wha. thank you!

input: what type of wood are the beams??
target: what type of wood are the beams?? lovely space! we're starting the renovation of our 220 yr old home! i hope our kitchen is as beautiful as this space!
output: beams. what type of wood are the beams? ? and what finish?

input: is the floor hard wood or laminate?
target: floor . is the floor hard wood or laminate? what color andamp. brand is it
output: floor. is the floor hard wood or laminate? and what color? thanks

input: who makes the light fixture?
target: light fixture . who makes the light fixture? almost got overlooked.i'm glad i noticed. what a gem!
output: light fixture. who makes the light fixture? almost got overlooked. i'm glad i noticed. what a gem!

input: would you be able to share the size of the island please?
target: beautiful! size of the island . would you be able to share the size of the island please?
output: great island! size of this kitchen please. would you be able to share the size of the island please?

input: i'd love to know where the cool lights over the island can be found.
target: lighting source . i'd love to know where the cool lights over the island can be found. thanks!
output: lighting source. i'd love to know where the cool lights over the island can be found. thanks

input: would you be willing to share the source for the barstools please?
target: beautiful . your work is stunning!! would you be willing to share the source for the barstools please?
output: beautiful. your work is stunning! would you be willing to share the source for the barstools please?

input: what is through the doorways to the right of the stove off of the entryway?
target: behind oven? another gorgeous house! love your work! what room(s) are to the left of the stove and passed the sink? what is through the doorways to the right of the stove off of the entryway?
output: behind oven? another gorgeous house! what is through the doorways to the right of the stove off of the entryway?

input: do you have info on where to buy?
target: backsplash . love this backsplash. do you have info on where to buy?
output: backsplash. i love this backsplash. do you have info on where to buy?

input: is this photography or 3d render?!
target: real project? is this photography or 3d render?! its just perfect!
output: real project? is this photography or 3d render? ! its just perfect!

input: any ideas where i can purchase it or something similar?
target: clock . i love the clock above the cabinets. any ideas where i can purchase it or something similar?
output: clock. i have a 17’long island. i love the clock. any ideas where i can purchase it or something similar?

input: could you please tell me what the room dimensions are of this kitchen and also the size of the kitchen island?
target: size of kitchen . beautiful kitchen! could you please tell me what the room dimensions are of this kitchen and also the size of the kitchen island?
output: dimensions. beautiful kitchen! could you please tell me what the room dimensions are of this kitchen and also the size of the kitchen island?

input: love how you used wood for the kitchen island!
target: love the island . love how you used wood for the kitchen island! what kind of wood did you use and who made it?
output: love the island. love how you used wood for the kitchen island! what is the finish?

input: what are the dimensions of this island and how much of an overhang did you use for the seating?
target: island dimensions . hi karen, lovely space!! what are the dimensions of this island and how much of an overhang did you use for the seating? does the overhang have an hidden supports? many thanks in advance!
output: dimensions. hi karen, lovely space! ! what are the dimensions of this island and how much of an overhang did you use for the seating? does the overhang have an hidden supports? many thanks in advance!

input: i'm considering a very light gray?
target: what is the wall color? we're moving into a house with wood trim. right now the walls are a medium beige and everything kind of blends together. i'm looking for a great neutral to use throughout the house. we've always had painted white trim, so this is new territory for me! i'm considering a very light gray? but i'm pretty lost. would appreciate any suggestions. thank you.
output: what is the wall color? we're moving into a house with wood trim. right now the walls are a medium beige and everything kind of blends together. i'm looking for a great neutral to use throughout the house. we've had no luck. what is the wall color? we're currently trying to put gray and dark gray, but it's hard to tell from

input: where did these lights come from, manufacturer, etc, thanks so much.
target: bell shape glass pendant lights . where did these lights come from, manufacturer, etc, thanks so much. you answered with a builders name, i just love the lights,
output: lights. where did these lights come from, manufacturer, etc, thanks so much. you answered with a builders name, i just love the lights, thanks.

input: care to share the manufacturer name and model of the tile as well as the color and grout color used?
target: wall tile above stove? really like the arabesque tile above the stove wall. care to share the manufacturer name and model of the tile as well as the color and grout color used? thanks!
output: wall tile above stove? care to share the manufacturer name and model of the tile as well as the color and grout color used? thanks!

input: do you have information about the stove/range?
target: range stove manufacturer and model? this entire home has a welcoming feel to it. great design! i read that there had been a partial.remodel in the kitchen by a prior owner. do you have information about the stove/range? i have not been able to find it . many thanks for making time to reply!
output: range stove manufacturer and model? this entire home has a welcoming feel to it. great design! i read that there had been a partial. remodel in the kitchen by a prior owner. do you have information about the stove/range? i have not been able to find it. many thanks for making time to reply!

input: what brand is it please.
target: refrigerator . love the counter.depth refrigerator. what brand is it please. thanks.
output: refrigerator. love the counter. depth refrigerator. what brand is it please. thanks.

input: i believe the light fixtures don’t really tally with rest of the designs or it it would've look elegant if the whole cabinets were painted the same green throughout.
target: what are the tiles used for ceiling called? i believe the light fixtures don’t really tally with rest of the designs or it it would've look elegant if the whole cabinets were painted the same green throughout. the work is good but improvisation is needed in the paint or the colors applied. i recently got my house in toronto renovated through avonlea renovations (www.avonlearenovations.com ). i would ask to visit theirs sites or probably blogs,if any, for more ideas on renovated kitchen designs.
output: what is the vendor? i believe the light fixtures don’t really tally with rest of the designs or it it would've look elegant if the whole cabinets were painted the same green throughout. the bathrooms are also nice. thanks for any info you can provide.

input: this summer when we remodel, the first thing that we're going to do is repaint everything.
target: what color are the cabinets? could you please tell me what color the cabinets are painted. i think that shade of green would look really great in our kitchen. this summer when we remodel, the first thing that we're going to do is repaint everything. we're getting new black countertops, and i think that the green will look great with them. http://www.clohessycabinets.com.au/content/services/kitchens_/3
output: everything looks amazing. this summer when we remodel, the first thing that we're going to do is repaint everything. i think this is the best example i've seen!

input: would love to know what color/brand was used on the island.
target: what color is the island? beautiful gray! would love to know what color/brand was used on the island.
output: is there a product on the island? would love to know what color/brand was used on the island. it's stunning!

input: island counter top material .
target: island counter top material . i would love to know the material of that beautiful kitchen island countertop. thank you!
output: island counter top material. i would love to know the material of that beautiful kitchen island countertop. thank you!

input: who is the manufacturer and where can i purchase them?they seem to be a perfect size and different than other stools/ counter stools offered.
target: love the chairs around the island. love these chairs! who is the manufacturer and where can i purchase them?they seem to be a perfect size and different than other stools/ counter stools offered.
output: love the chairs around the island. love these chairs! who is the manufacturer and where can i purchase them? they seem to be a perfect size and different than other stools/counter stools offered.

input: do you have the name and color?
target: love the backsplash used behind the stove. what kind of tile is it? do you have the name and color? thanks
output: love the backsplash used behind the stove. what kind of tile is it? do you have the name and color? thanks

input: i saw a previous comment where you said the cabinet color has a pewter accent.
target: what does "pewter accent" mean when you are referring to the cabinet color? i saw a previous comment where you said the cabinet color has a pewter accent. what does that mean? where is the pewter? is it a glaze?
output: what does" pewter accent" mean when you are referring to the cabinet color? i saw a previous comment where you said the cabinet color has a pewter accent. what does that mean? where is the pewter? is it a glaze?

input: why does that price tag on number 9 say it's a "frigidaire"?
target: kitchen #9 appliance columns . why does that price tag on number 9 say it's a "frigidaire"? that's a wolf oven in the photo about appliance columns. false advertising!
output: kitchen# 9 appliance columns. why does that price tag on number 9 say it's a" frigidaire" ? that's a wolf oven in the photo about appliance columns. false advertising!

input: do you recall what color you painted the crown molding?
target: color for crown molding . this may be the only question you have not answered, but i like the contrast between the winds breath and the crown molding. do you recall what color you painted the crown molding? thank you!
output: wish i could see the crown molding. what color you painted the crown molding? thank you.

input: hi, can you please tell me the who makes these lovely floor tiles?
target: who makes the floors and whats the name of them? hi, can you please tell me the who makes these lovely floor tiles? i would also love the name of the style. thanks!
output: who makes the floors and whats the name of them? hi, can you please tell me the who makes these lovely floor tiles? i would also love the name of the style. thanks

input: can you share the source and finish of the cabinet hardware?
target: cabinet hardware . super fun and unique kitchen! can you share the source and finish of the cabinet hardware? thanks!
output: cabinet hardware. can you share the source and finish of the cabinet hardware? thanks!

input: is it a pot rack or an old light fixture?
target: i love the pot rack! is it a pot rack or an old light fixture? where can i get the pot rack?
output: i love this pot rack! is it a pot rack or an old light fixture? where can i get the pot rack?

input: could you please tell me who makes them??
target: love the cabinets . could you please tell me who makes them?? and also the pulls?? thank you.
output: love the cabinets. could you please tell me who makes them? ? and also the pulls? ? thank you.

input: what material is the countertop?
target: counters? what material is the countertop? where can you buy it?
output: counters. what material is the countertop? where can you buy it? thanks

input: can you tell me the manufacturer of the cabinets please?
target: can you tell me the manufacturer of the cabinets please? i would love to use these cabinets and color for my kitchen remodel. it's beautiful!
output: can you tell me the manufacturer of the cabinets please? i am trying to decide between a traditional or a true cabinet flush flush. it looks like the cabinets are custom. if not, which color is it? thank you!

input: was the backsplash installed before or after the hood?
target: backsplash . was the backsplash installed before or after the hood? thanks.
output: backsplash. was the backsplash installed before or after the hood? thanks.

input: could you tell me what the accents are in the backsplash and where to purchase them?
target: backsplash design . could you tell me what the accents are in the backsplash and where to purchase them? are they stainless steel accents, pewter or brushed nickel finish?
output: backsplash. could you tell me what the accents are in the backsplash and where to purchase them? thanks!

input: what brand is the hardware?
target: hardware . what brand is the hardware? beautiful kitchen!
output: hardware. what brand is the hardware? thank you!

input: and can you still see light brushstrokes on the cabinets or is it completely wiped clean and only left with a dark highlight in the creases?
target: cabinet glaze color . this kitchen is beautiful! my cabinet maker is trying to replicate this color and is not getting it right. what color glaze was used over the white cabinets? and can you still see light brushstrokes on the cabinets or is it completely wiped clean and only left with a dark highlight in the creases? thank you very much in advance!
output: cabinets. this is a beautiful kitchen! and what is the paint color on the cabinets? and can you still see light brushstrokes on the cabinets or is it completely wiped clean and only left with a dark highlight in the creases? and what are the dimensions of this kitchen?

input: where in atlanta can you purchase the granite and it calledi snow white?
target: love countertop . where in atlanta can you purchase the granite and it calledi snow white? thank you love this kitchen!
output: where in atlanta can you purchase the granite and it calledi snow white? what is the color and name of it? thank you

input: however i have a 30" range and only a wall length of 87".
target: your fabulous backsplash design has taken me out of analysis paralysis . i hope i can achieve a similar look. however i have a 30" range and only a wall length of 87". my question is do you feel the 2 x 6 subway tile is critical to the design. will i loose it with the 3x6? i'd so appreciate your response. thanks
output: what is the wall length of the range? i am in the process of designing a similar range. however i have a 30" range and only a wall length of 87" . i am concerned about the potential use of this range with any other options. thanks!

input: where can i find the corbels?
target: corbels . where can i find the corbels? i just love them. thank you
output: corbels. where can i find the corbels? they look great.

input: now i'm wondering if the white will be too stark?
target: wondering if you think painted white cabinets without a glaze would . change the look of the entire kitchen? we are looking to do the exact same thing in our kitchen but i was planning on going with white painted cabinets. now i'm wondering if the white will be too stark? i love this kitchen. can't stop looking at it!!! thank you!
output: wondering if you think painted white cabinets without a glaze would. change the look of the entire kitchen? we are looking to do the exact same thing in our kitchen but i was planning on going with white painted cabinets. now i'm wondering if the white will be too stark? i love this kitchen. can't stop looking at it! ! ! thank you!

input: what is this door style name?
target: cabinet door style? using dura supreme cabinets in kitchen remodel. what is this door style name?
output: cabinet door style? what is this door style name? it's beautiful!

input: can you tell me the name of the medallions on the back splash?
target: tile . can you tell me the name of the medallions on the back splash? i'm trying to replicate this look. love it!
output: medallions. can you tell me the name of the medallions on the back splash? thank you.

input: i don't know who else to ask.thank you so much for your thoughts on this.
target: paint versus glaze . your kitchen is stunning.actually it is my inspiration for the kitchen we are creating right now! would you mind giving me your opinion on something, please? our cabinet maker does not want to glaze the white cabinets, instead he would like to hand paint a pewter line in the raised panel portion of the door. on first look, it's very pretty. after several hours, i think it looks too perfect, sort of defeating the point of the glaze. i'm not sure why they wouldn't show me a glazed sample. he claims that it would change the color of the crisp white. but hand painting the line doesn't seem like a solution to me. i don't know who else to ask.thank you so much for your thoughts on this.
output: this is such a beautiful kitchen! i'm in love with this kitchen. is there a pantry behind the stove? i don't know who else to ask. thank you so much for your thoughts on this. thank you so much for your thoughts on this. thank you so much for your thoughts on this. thank you so much for your help!

input: could you please let provide information about the tiles used?
target: back splash . this kitchen is gorgeous! could you please let provide information about the tiles used? brand, color and size. the whole thing is amazing. we are building a new home, and wish i had seen this (and knew about you) earlier .
output: backsplash. this is a beautiful kitchen! could you please let provide information about the tiles used? brand, materials and sizes.

input: would you mind sharing with me what brand of bar stools these are?
target: bar stools? would you mind sharing with me what brand of bar stools these are? i love them!
output: bar stools? would you mind sharing with me what brand of bar stools these are? i love them!

input: where did you buy the appliance pulls?
target: beautiful kitchen. where did you buy the appliance pulls? love them
output: beautiful kitchen. where did you buy the appliance pulls? love them

input: what is the wall color around the windows?
target: wall color . what is the wall color around the windows? it is beautiful.
output: wall color. what is the wall color around the windows? it is beautiful.

input: love these, do you know where they are from .
target: pendant lights . love these, do you know where they are from . beautiful kitchen!
output: great chairs! love these, do you know where they are from. thank you.

input: could you tell me where this tile is from?
target: tile . could you tell me where this tile is from? looks great!
output: tile. could you tell me where this tile is from? looks great!

input: what brick was used for the fireplace?
target: what brick was used for the fireplace? thank you!! looking to create a similar fireplace
output: what brick was used for the fireplace? thank you! ! looking to create a similar fireplace

input: does it go from the front to the back of the house?
target: dimensions . what is the dimensions of this kitchen? does it go from the front to the back of the house?
output: dimensions. what is the dimensions of this kitchen? does it go from the front to the back of the house?

input: what's the make/model of the wine fridge?
target: wine fridge . what's the make/model of the wine fridge? thanks
output: wine fridge. what's the make/model of the wine fridge? thanks

input: how can i share this with another houzz user?
target: how can i share this with another houzz user? getting frustrated. you should add a friends feature so my husband andamp. i can share our ideas without broadcasting across social media.
output: how can i share this with another houzz user? getting frustrated. you should add a friends feature so my husband andamp. i can share our ideas without broadcasting across social media.

input: what brand and what dimensions
target: love the window . such a clean look. what brand and what dimensions
output: love the window. such a clean look. what brand and what dimensions

input: do you have photos of what the other side of this room looks like?
target: do you have photos of what the other side of this room looks like? the kitchen configuration is similar to mine (about to renovate). does this kitchen open up into another space? it's difficult finding kitchen ideas without islands, and so i really like your design.
output: do you have photos of what the other side of this room looks like? the kitchen configuration is similar to mine(about to renovate) . does this kitchen open up into another space? it's difficult finding kitchen ideas without islands, and so i really like your design.

input: hoping you could share the dimensions of the island?
target: island size . hello . hoping you could share the dimensions of the island? thanks!
output: dimensions. hello! hoping you could share the dimensions of the island?

input: who manufactured the windows?
target: who manufactured the windows? thanks! love the windows and bi.fold doors. who made them? i saw la cantina made doors, but wondering about windows throughout. thanks
output: who manufactured the windows? thanks!

input: can you share some detail on the counter stools.
target: what can you tell me about the stools? can you share some detail on the counter stools. thank you
output: counter stools. can you share some detail on the counter stools. thanks

input: can you share the white cabinet paint?
target: cabinet paint? very beautiful! can you share the white cabinet paint? thank you!
output: what is the paint color? can you share the white cabinet paint? thank you!

input: could you please share the material used on the island countertop, and the type of wood and stain used on the floors/
target: floors and island countertop . beautiful kitchen! could you please share the material used on the island countertop, and the type of wood and stain used on the floors/
output: floors and island countertop. could you please share the material used on the island countertop, and the type of wood and stain used on the floors/

input: what color is the paint of the island
target: beautiful island! what color is the paint? what color is the paint of the island
output: beautiful island! what color is the paint of the island

input: would you mind sharing the dimensions of the island and the spacing between the cabinets and the island?
target: dimensions . hello! would you mind sharing the dimensions of the island and the spacing between the cabinets and the island? thank you!
output: dimensions. hello! would you mind sharing the dimensions of the island and the spacing between the cabinets and the island? this is the exact dimensions i am interested in.

input: do you know the specifics on the grout color and spacing?
target: love the grout and tile position . do you know the specifics on the grout color and spacing? thank you
output: love the grout and tile position. do you know the specifics on the grout color and spacing? thank you

input: info?
target: those pendants! info? love them
output: those pendants! info? love them

input: what is the wood?
target: the floor is beautiful . what is the wood? thank you!
output: the floor is beautiful. what is the wood? thank you!

input: can you share the source for the range hood?
target: can you share the source for the range hood? i love the range hood. so simple, but it looks custom.
output: can you share the source for the range hood? i love the range hood. so simple, but it looks custom.

input: what is the length of the wall with all the appliances!
target: what is the length of the wall with all the appliances! looks great! clean and stylish. thanks would be a great help. as well is the stove a 30 inch and fridge 36 inch?? thanks
output: what is the length of the wall with all the appliances! looks great! clean and stylish. thanks would be a great help. as well is the stove a 30 inch and fridge 36 inch? ? thanks

input: are these regular cabinet drawers or is it a panel ready undercounter refrigerator drawer?
target: i love this kitchen! the butler's pantry cabinets are amazing in wood! are these regular cabinet drawers or is it a panel ready undercounter refrigerator drawer? i've been looking into the latter and thought that it would work well in kitchen. also are the cabinets custom made?
output: i love this kitchen! what is the probabilities? are these regular cabinet drawers or is it a panel ready undercounter refrigerator drawer? i'm having one made, and i'm trying to make it so that that i can achieve the desired look. any advice would be appreciated. thank you.

input: and love how you continued it up into the cabinet.
target: backsplash looks great. and love how you continued it up into the cabinet. can you share some details on the tile?
output: backsplash looks great. and love how you continued it up into the cabinet. what is the material?

input: can you share the wood used on this lower cabinet?
target: can you share the wood used on this lower cabinet? uppercabinet? your kitchen is lovely. i have struggled with a modern craftsman project for 11 years. did you use an interior designer on this project? the mix of white cabinets, dark counters, and wood tones with tile is impeccable.
output: can you share the wood used on this lower cabinet? uppercabinet? what finish? thank you.

input: what color is wall in the back room.
target: what color is wall in back room . beautiful space. what color is wall in the back room.
output: what color is wall in back room. beautiful space. what color is wall in the back room.

input: how far do the countertops overhang the cabinets?
target: countertop overhang? how far do the countertops overhang the cabinets? looks to be shallower, like 1” or less? thank you!
output: countertop overhang? how far do the countertops overhang the cabinets? looks to be shallower, like 1”or less? thank you!

input: could you please tell me the style and manufactuer of the cabinet doors .
target: the cabinet door style is amazing? could you please tell me the style and manufactuer of the cabinet doors . i have to have it!!! (i live in alberta canada) where can i get them?
output: the cabinet door style is amazing? could you please tell me the style and manufactuer of the cabinet doors. i have to have it! !

input: would you kindly tell me what tile you have on the backsplash?
target: your room is beautiful! would you kindly tell me what tile you have on the backsplash? thank you, nancy
output: your room is beautiful! would you kindly tell me what tile you have on the backsplash? thank you, nancy

input: if so, do mind sharing the color?
target: shades . are those horizon shades? if so, do mind sharing the color? thank you!
output: shades. are those horizon shades? if so, do mind sharing the color? thank you!

input: who is the manufacturer on the cabinets?
target: cabinet manufacturer . beautiful kitchen. who is the manufacturer on the cabinets? i just ask because i saw that you said it's a stock white and i really like it! thanks in advance.
output: who is the manufacturer on the cabinets? and the medal on the cabinets? i would like to know the manufacturer of the medal on the cabinets. thank you!

input: what do you call them and where do you buy them!
target: curtains . hi, those curtains look amazing with the white kitchen! what do you call them and where do you buy them!
output: curtains. hi, those curtains look amazing with the white kitchen! what do you call them and where do you buy them!

input: paint color for the island?
target: paint color for the island? is the paint blue or black? please specify the paint color if you still have it. love the kitchen!
output: paint color for the island? is the paint blue or black? please specify the paint color if you still have it. love the kitchen!

input: i love the soft look of the cabinets?
target: color of the cabinets . i love the soft look of the cabinets? what color are they?
output: what is the soft look of the cabinets? i love the soft look of the cabinets? thank you!

input: what color are the cabinet?
target: what color are the cabinet? beautiful . looking for a light gray
output: what color are the cabinet? i am looking for a light cream color for farmhouse kitchen. thank you!

input: where did you get it?
target: love the hood. manufacturer? hi, renovating a home on hilton head. looking for a 66 inch hood, 36 high. can't find anything. love the look of this one. where did you get it? want farmhouse look.
output: love the pot rack! it's beautiful! where did you get it?

input: any chance i could get manufacture, wood type/colour?
target: wood floors . love the wood floors in kitchen. any chance i could get manufacture, wood type/colour? many thanks
output: wood floors. i love this wood floors. any chance i could get manufacture, wood type/colour? any chance i could get manufacture, wood type/colour? many thanks

input: can you tell me color of kitchen cabinets?
target: kitchen remodel . love this house! can you tell me color of kitchen cabinets?
output: kitchen cabinets. can you tell me color of kitchen cabinets? and, the overall look?

input: did you install them before or after drywalling?
target: beams . can you tell me when you installed the beams? are these 8 x 8?? did you install them before or after drywalling?
output: beams. can you tell me when you installed the beams? are these 8 x 8? ? did you install them before or after drywalling?

input: any information on the floor?
target: floor . any information on the floor? great looking space!
output: floor. any information on the floor? great looking space!

input: can you tell me what stain was used on the beams.
target: beams . can you tell me what stain was used on the beams. thanks
output: beams. can you tell me what stain was used on the beams. thanks

input: do you mind sharing the distance (aisle depth) from the fridge to the counter thats on the range wall?
target: fridge and distance from counter . beautiful design! do you mind sharing the distance (aisle depth) from the fridge to the counter thats on the range wall? can you share the type of fridge that was used in this kitchen? we are working with a very similar layout and were curious as to the clearance between the fridge and the counter, especially once the freezer door is pulled open. thank you much in advance!
output: fridge and distance from counter. beautiful layout! do you mind sharing the distance(aisle depth) from the fridge to the counter thats on the range wall? can you share the type of fridge that was used in this kitchen? we are working with a very similar layout and were curious as to the clearance between the fridge and the counter, especially once the freezer door is pulled open. thank you

input: where can i find them?
target: bar stools . love them! where can i find them?
output: this kitchen is to die for: . ) ) especially love these bar stools. where can i find them?

input: how deep are the walls around window build out to create the sill?
target: beautiful kitchen . how deep are the walls around window build out to create the sill? thanks!
output: beautiful kitchen. how deep are the walls around window build out to create the sill? thanks.

input: how high is the ceiling, and what are the dimensions of the island?
target: dimensions . gorgeous kitchen! how high is the ceiling, and what are the dimensions of the island?
output: dimensions. gorgeous kitchen! how high is the ceiling, and what are the dimensions of the island?

input: what is the wall paint color?
target: paint . beautiful kitchen! what is the wall paint color? thanks!
output: wall paint color. what is the wall paint color? and cabinet color?

input: what are the beams?
target: beams . beautiful space! what are the beams?
output: beams. what are the beams? where can they be purchased?

input: would you please share the cabinet and wall paint color.
target: paint color. would you please share the cabinet and wall paint color. i really appreciate it.
output: paint color. would you please share the cabinet and wall paint color. i wish to know the paint color. thank you.

input: could you please let me know what brand?
target: the kitchen faucet . hi, i love the kitchen faucet. could you please let me know what brand? and where to get it from?
output: the kitchen faucet. hi, i absolutely love this kitchen! could you please let me know what brand? and where to get it?

input: how thick is the wood piece on the counter?
target: how thick is the wood piece on the counter? how thick is the wood piece on the counter? and thickness of countertop? thanks
output: counter thickness. how thick is the wood piece on the counter? and what is the thickness of the countertop? thanks

input: where does the kitchen island come from?
target: kitchen island . where does the kitchen island come from? thanks
output: kitchen island. where does the kitchen island come from? thanks

input: where can i find the shelving?
target: where can i find the shelving? love the shelving . where can i find it?
output: where can i find the shelving? love the shelving. where can i find it?

input: what kind of wood and finish arr they?
target: floors . what kind of wood and finish arr they? beautiful
output: floors. what kind of wood and finish arr they? beautiful

input: where did you get it?
target: hood vent . love the hood vent. where did you get it?
output: love the pot rack! where did you get it? is it durable?

input: couldn't find any price tags on the kitchen hardware for this kitchen.
target: love the drawer pulls. where can i buy them? couldn't find any price tags on the kitchen hardware for this kitchen. please help me find a supplier! thanks!
output: love the drawer pulls. where can i buy them? couldn't find any price tags on the kitchen hardware for this kitchen. please help me find a supplier! thanks!

input: can you tell me the full width of the kitchen from outer edge of refrigerator to outer edge of the 5” cabinet next to the stove?
target: questions about dimensions and sink . beautiful kitchen (whole apt actually)! can you tell me the full width of the kitchen from outer edge of refrigerator to outer edge of the 5” cabinet next to the stove? also, i’d love to know the dimensions and model of the sink. thanks!
output: dimensions. beautiful kitchen. can you tell me the full width of the kitchen from outer edge of refrigerator to outer edge of the 5”cabinet next to the stove? also, is there a hidden door on the right. thank you

input: is it functional or just a filler?
target: base cabinet next to window . how wide is it? is it functional or just a filler? how far from the window ledge?
output: width. what is the width of the aisles? is it functional or just a filler?

input: can you share maker and color and size, please?
target: backsplash . love it. can you share maker and color and size, please?
output: backsplash. love it. can you share maker and color and size, please?

input: where can i find this hardware
target: gold hardware . hello, beautiful space. where can i find this hardware
output: gold hardware. hello, beautiful space. where can i find this hardware

input: where did you get the orange roundels for the leaded glass?
target: where did you get the orange roundels for the leaded glass? i'm desperately looking for small glass roundels. help, please?
output: where did you get the orange roundels for the leaded glass? i'm trying to decide between a good red or a red roundels. i think this color can be achieved. thanks

input: could you share the color used on the cabinets?
target: love the cabinet color! could you share the color used on the cabinets? thanks
output: counter top material and color. could you share the color used on the cabinets? this is a beautiful kitchen. thank you.

input: what is the depth of the "spice rack" on the outside of the fridge and how is it anchored?
target: depth and anchoring of spice rack . what is the depth of the "spice rack" on the outside of the fridge and how is it anchored? i have got to have this in my new house. brilliant. thanks in advance.
output: depth and anchoring of spice rack. what is the depth of the" spice rack" on the outside of the fridge and how is it anchored? i have got to have this in my new house. brilliant. thanks in advance for your help.

input: where can we buy the stools?
target: stool . where can we buy the stools? thanks!
output: counter stools. where can we buy the stools? thanks!

input: if not, what sealant was used to avoid rust?
target: steel beams . were they painted? what color and finish was used? if not, what sealant was used to avoid rust?
output: steel beams. were they painted? what color and finish was used? if not, what sealant was used to avoid rust?

input: what are the dimensions of the space including the sitting room?
target: what are the dimensions of the space including the sitting room? this is the greatest kitchen on the entire houzz website. thank you so much we are going to try to replicate it.
output: what are the dimensions of the space including the sitting room? this is the greatest kitchen on the entire houzz website. thank you so much we are going to try to replicate it.

input: where could i find this counter height table/island.i have been looking for this with no luck.
target: table.island . where could i find this counter height table/island.i have been looking for this with no luck. thank you . that is my dream kitchen !!
output: table. island. where could i find this counter height table/island. i have been looking for this with no luck. thank you. that is my dream kitchen!

input: also, what is the color you painted the rafters?
target: ceiling height, ceiling color. hello, could you tell me, please, the height of the ceiling. also, what is the color you painted the rafters? i love love love this space. excellent.
output: ceiling height, ceiling color. hello, could you tell me, please, the height of the ceiling. also, what is the color you painted the rafters? i love love this space. excellent.

input: what are the cabinets with the wood top?
target: counter tops . i'm planning a combination of stainless and wood, and love yours. what are the cabinets with the wood top? and the stainless drawers? thank you!
output: counter tops. what are the cabinets with the wood top? i have to decide on one and what is the counter top. thank you

input: hi, what color is the light fixtures?
target: lighting . hi, what color is the light fixtures? steel, chrome or brushed nickel?
output: lighting. hi, what color is the light fixtures? and what is the dimension? thanks

input: can you tell me what is the colour of the wall?
target: wall colour . can you tell me what is the colour of the wall? thank you
output: wall colour. can you tell me what is the colour of the wall? thank you

input: what is this countertop?
target: what is this countertop? love it. barbara
output: what is this countertop? love the look of this beautiful kitchen. thanks.

input: can you share the dimensions of this pantry?
target: dimensions . beautiful! can you share the dimensions of this pantry?
output: dimensions. can you share the dimensions of this pantry? also, where did you hide the oven? thanks!

input: even though they are tagged, the details on where to purchase the exact stools are not given.
target: the featured stools are perfect. the featured stools are perfect. even though they are tagged, the details on where to purchase the exact stools are not given. is there any ordering information that can be shared with regards to the counter stools? thanks in advance.
output: the featured stools are perfect. even though they are tagged, the details on where to purchase the exact stools are not given. is there any ordering information that can be shared with regards to the counter stools? thanks!

input: would you happen to know the color of the range hood?
target: range hood color . hello. i love this kitchen. would you happen to know the color of the range hood?
output: range hood color. hello. i love this kitchen. would you happen to know the color of the range hood?

input: can you tell me where the hardware came from, and name of style andamp.
target: cabinet hardware . beautiful! can you tell me where the hardware came from, and name of style andamp. finish?
output: hardware. beautiful! can you tell me where the hardware came from, and name of style andamp. finish?

input: hi, which brand are the stools by the island?
target: stools and island width . hi, which brand are the stools by the island? do you know from where were they purchased? also, what's the island width? thanks in advance!
output: stools and island dimensions. hi, which brand are the stools by the island? do you know from where were they purchased? also, what is the island dimensions? thanks.

input: where did you purchase the cabinets from?
target: cabinet details? where did you purchase the cabinets from? absolutely love them!!
output: cabinets? where did you purchase the cabinets from? absolutely love them!

input: what brand appliances did you use?
target: appliance details . gorgeous! what brand appliances did you use? specifically the range? thanks!
output: appliances. what brand appliances did you use? are they led?

input: could you tell us what it is and where you purchased this?
target: love the floor tile!! could you tell us what it is and where you purchased this? is it cement tile or porcelain? i'd love to get a patterned tile floor but would like to stick to a porcelain or vitreous ceramic tile.
output: love the floor tile. could you tell us what it is and where you purchased this? thank you.

input: hi, what is the ceiling height?
target: ceiling height? hi, what is the ceiling height? and cabinet size? thanks
output: ceiling height? hi, what is the ceiling height? and cabinet size? thanks

input: hi, what are these counter tops?
target: counter top . hi, what are these counter tops? thanks!
output: counter top. hi, what are these counter tops? and what is the stain? thanks

input: also, do you have any suggestions for a "white" color for my upper cabinets?
target: love the cabinet color! i've chosen taj mahal leathered quartzite for my kitchen as well, and love this color of the cabinets for my island and range hood. do you know the equivalent color in sherwin williams or benjamin moore? also, do you have any suggestions for a "white" color for my upper cabinets?
output: upper cabinet color. hello! can you share your photo with me? also, do you have any suggestions for a" white" color for my upper cabinets? i have white dove for my cabinets. thank you!

input: can you share the material and color of countertops?
target: countertops . can you share the material and color of countertops? thank you!
output: countertops. can you share the material and color of countertops? thank you!

input: what is the brand and color?
target: cabinet color . love this warm grey. what is the brand and color? thanks.
output: cabinets. what is the brand and color? thanks!

input: can you tell me if the wooden cabinets are white oak veneer and if so are the book matched?
target: cabinets? beautiful kitchen! can you tell me if the wooden cabinets are white oak veneer and if so are the book matched? thanks!
output: cabinets? can you tell me if the wooden cabinets are white oak veneer and if so are the book matched? thanks!

input: any idea where the table is from?
target: table . any idea where the table is from? looking for a square kitchen table that seats 8. love the color.
output: table. any idea where the table is from? looking for a square kitchen table that seats 8. love the color!

input: can you please tell me where you purchased these appliances pulls!
target: beautiful kitchen . can you please tell me where you purchased these appliances pulls! thanks!
output: beautiful kitchen. can you please tell me where you purchased these appliances pulls! thanks

input: can you please share the manufacture and style name of the cabinet door pulls?
target: love the door pulls, who is the manufacture and style name. thank you . gorgeous kitchen. can you please share the manufacture and style name of the cabinet door pulls? what are the sizes that you used? thank you!
output: love the door pulls, who is the manufacture and style name. thank you. gorgeous kitchen. can you please share the manufacture and style name of the cabinet door pulls? what are the sizes that you used? thank you!

input: what is the countertop material?
target: counter material . i love this kitchen. what is the countertop material?
output: what is the countertop material? is this quartz? looks like the picture on the back of a sample i recently saw that was quartz master calacatta manhatten, but the description says neolith

input: is that stovetop vented?
target: pretty room . is that stovetop vented? and, if so, the brand.
output: pretty room. is that stovetop vented? and, if so, the brand.

input: was it simply applied to the cabinet panel in front of the hood?
target: details on hood. love the stainless on the hood. was it simply applied to the cabinet panel in front of the hood?
output: details on hood. love the stainless on the hood. was it simply applied to the cabinet panel in front of the hood?

input: what is the counter made of and what style (color) was used?
target: i love the counters. please tell me what they are? what is the counter made of and what style (color) was used? thanks!
output: i love the counters. please tell me what they are? what is the counter made of and what style(color) was used? thanks

input: where is it from ?
target: tile . love the tile . where is it from ?
output: like the backsplash tile very much. where is it from? what style?

input: windows, who makes them?
target: windows, who makes them? who makes these windows? thanks!
output: windows, who makes them? who makes these windows? thanks!

input: hi, can you tell me where you got this beautiful hood?
target: beautiful hood!! who is the manufacturer? hi, can you tell me where you got this beautiful hood? thank you!
output: beautiful hood! who is the manufacturer? hi, can you tell me where you got this beautiful hood? thank you!

input: what is the name of the kitchen granite?
target: new kitchen . love the granite! what is the name of the kitchen granite?
output: new kitchen. love the granite! what is the name of the kitchen granite?

input: what finish is used on them when they are used in a sink area?
target: what type of wood counters are used here? what finish is used on them when they are used in a sink area? also, what is the color of the cabinets? thanks.
output: what finish is used on them when they are used in a sink area? i have a white kitchen with 36" wide in the front and an island with a bench that was just seen, looking for a small, circular sink. i appreciate the help. it is a great help.

input: are those windows behind the glass front cabinets?
target: are those windows behind the glass front cabinets? or mirrors? thanks in advance for your reply.beautiful kitchen!
output: are those windows behind the glass front cabinets? or mirrors? thanks!

input: would love to have something similar .
target: where are the counter stools from? would love to have something similar . where can you find these stools?
output: where are the counter stools from? would love to have something similar. where can you find these stools?

input: hi, would you please tell me the brand of the 2 faucets here?
target: what is the brand of the faucets? hi, would you please tell me the brand of the 2 faucets here? thanks in advance. i love this kitchen.
output: what is the brand of the faucets? hi, would you please tell me the brand of the 2 faucets here? thanks in advance. i love this kitchen.

input: what is the backsplash material?
target: what is the backsplash material? i'm wanting to add backsplash in my kitchen andamp. love the looks of this one. my cabinets are white, black pulls andamp. black granite countertops.
output: backsplash material? what is the backsplash material? and cabinet color?

input: what is the backsplash tile?
target: backsplash please?! what is the backsplash tile? i love it!
output: backsplash. this kitchen is beautiful! what is the backsplash tile?

input: what color are the walls in this kitchen?
target: paint color . i just installed this same sodbury flooring in our kitchen. would like to paint next. what color are the walls in this kitchen?
output: wall color. what color are the walls in this kitchen? it is beautiful.

input: would love information on the flooring, thanks.
target: gorgeous flooring! salvaged or is this obtainable? would love information on the flooring, thanks.
output: flooring. would love information on the flooring, thanks. thanks

input: you tell me what the grey countertop used in this kitchen?
target: grey countertop . you tell me what the grey countertop used in this kitchen? also, on the island? thanks!
output: grey countertop. you tell me what the grey countertop used in this kitchen? also, on the island? thanks

input: what is the brand of flush mount vent above the stove?
target: what is the brand of flush mount vent above the stove? i want to do a range vent just like hers. in fact, i found so much inspiration from this post, so many thanks to the designer for making such a beautiful, functional kitchen. i've had no luck finding a ceiling mount vent, that vents out, which doesn't require 12" above it for the machinery. would really appreciate the help. happy to share my info if it helps to take this conversation off line.
output: what is the brand of flush mount vent above the stove? i want to do a range vent just like hers. in fact, i found so much inspiration from this post, so many thanks to the designer for making such a beautiful, functional kitchen. i've had no luck finding a ceiling mount vent, that vents out, which doesn't require 12" above it for the machinery. would

input: was the minwax “weathered wood” stain oil or water based?
target: thank you and one last question. was the minwax “weathered wood” stain oil or water based? thank you for replying andamp. the great info!
output: thank you and one last question. was the minwax“weathered wood”stain oil or water based? thank you for reply.

input: could you share the manufacturer and name of the island pendant lights?
target: island pendant lights . could you share the manufacturer and name of the island pendant lights? thanks so much!
output: island pendant lights. could you share the manufacturer and name of the island pendant lights? thanks!

input: what is the material?
target: countertop . i love the dark counters. they appear to black. what is the material?
output: countertop. i love the dark counters. they are beautiful. what is the material?

input: where is the refrigerator located?
target: where is the refrigerator located? where is the refrigerator located? thanks
output: where is the refrigerator located? where is the refrigerator located? thanks

input: could you specify the range hood used?
target: range vent height? i am curious about the range vent. i went to the manufacturer’s website and was overwhelmed by the options. if i pegged it to the right one, they recommend a height between 28.36”. the pictured application looks significantly higher than that. could you specify the range hood used?
output: range vent height? i am curious about the range vent. i went to the manufacturer’s website and was overwhelmed by the options. if i do that, i can’t decide. could you specify the range hood used?

input: the design is beautiful, could you please let me know where did you get the chevron tiles.
target: backsplash . the design is beautiful, could you please let me know where did you get the chevron tiles. thanks.
output: backsplash. the design is beautiful, could you please let me know where did you get the chevron tiles. thanks.

input: are these custom made or are they available for purchase?
target: flatware drawers . are these custom made or are they available for purchase? are the dividers also custom made? tia mindy
output: flatware drawers. are these custom made or are they available for purchase? are the dividers also custom made? tia mindy

input: which brand?
target: cabinets . which brand? model?
output: cabinets. which brand? model?

input: did you add the matte glass or did they come this way.or is created with a covering?
target: interested in the windows.great idea! do you have a source for these? did you add the matte glass or did they come this way.or is created with a covering?
output: did you add the matte glass or did they come this way. or is created with a covering?

input: are these penny rounds from ann sacks?
target: backsplash tiles . are these penny rounds from ann sacks? they are gorgeous.
output: backsplash tiles. are these penny rounds from ann sacks? they are gorgeous.

input: would you mind sharing your source for the savannah grey brick veneer?
target: fantastic kitchen! would you mind sharing your source for the savannah grey brick veneer? thanks so much!
output: fantastic kitchen! would you mind sharing your source for the savannah grey brick veneer? thanks

input: what are the countertops and where does the window look into?
target: what are the countertops and where does the window look into? countertops? what’s behind window?
output: what are the countertops and where does the window look into? countertops? what’s behind window?

input: can you tell me which company's pocket doors you did use i like the fact that they don't stick out too much .
target: who is the manufacturer of the pocket door? can you tell me which company's pocket doors you did use i like the fact that they don't stick out too much . did those knobs come with the doors? thank for you prompt replies
output: who is the manufacturer of the pocket door? can you tell me which company's pocket doors you did use i like the fact that they don't stick out too much. did those knobs come with the doors? thanks.

input: what is the cabinet dimensions pleas?
target: what is the cabinet dimensions pleas? ceiling height? thank you for your prompt replies
output: what is the cabinet dimensions pleas? ceiling height? thank you.

input: can you give me details in the pocket doors used?
target: can you give me details in the pocket doors used? what are the dimensions? how much space do you loose? thanks.
output: can you give me details in the pocket doors used? what are the dimensions? how much space do you loose? thanks.

input: will you please let me know where you purchased the pendant lights?
target: love the design and the pendants! will you please let me know where you purchased the pendant lights? thank you.
output: love the design and the pendants! will you please let me know where you purchased the pendant lights? thank you.

input: what is hiding the thinset and cut edge of tile?
target: tile finished edge . what is hiding the thinset and cut edge of tile? schluter?
output: tile finished edge. what is hiding the thinset and cut edge of tile? schluter?

input: can you tell me where the logs came from?
target: fireplace logs . can you tell me where the logs came from? thank you!
output: fireplace logs. can you tell me where the logs came from? thank you!

input: i want to do something very similar to this but i can't seem to find this type of shelving anywhere.
target: where do i purchase this shelving material? i want to do something very similar to this but i can't seem to find this type of shelving anywhere. it appears to be size adjustable?
output: where do i get this shelving material? i want to do something very similar to this but i can't seem to find this type of shelving anywhere. it appears to be size adjustable? thanks.

input: hi , can you please tell me where to find the post columns on the end of the island and near sink?
target: love . hi , can you please tell me where to find the post columns on the end of the island and near sink? thank you!
output: love. hi, can you please tell me where to find the post columns on the end of the island and near sink? thank you

input: what is the paint color of the cabinets?
target: cabinet paint color? very pretty! what is the paint color of the cabinets? thank you!
output: paint color and countertop. what is the paint color of the cabinets? what is the countertop material?

input: can you tell me about the pendants and faucet?
target: can you tell me about the pendants and faucet? beautiful clean lines. kitchen remodel.danville, ca
output: can you tell me about the pendants and faucet? kitchen remodel. kitchen design. the cabinet is beautiful.

input: i'd like to know who made the wooden table in this picture.
target: wood table . i'd like to know who made the wooden table in this picture. what style would this table be classified as. where might i be able to purchase such a table? thanks
output: wood table. i'd like to know who made the wooden table in this picture. what style would this table be classified as. where might i be able to purchase such a table? thanks

input: is it screwed into plywood backing or drywall, velcro, etc?
target: cushion backing . love the breakfast nook. would u mind sharing how the back cushion is adhered? is it screwed into plywood backing or drywall, velcro, etc?
output: cushion backing. love the breakfast nook. would u mind sharing how the back cushion is adhered? is it screwed into plywood backing or drywall, velcro, etc?

input: would you mind sharing where you got it and the brand or name of the table?
target: table . love the table. it works look perfect in our breakfast nook also. would you mind sharing where you got it and the brand or name of the table?
output: table. love the table. it works look perfect in our breakfast nook also. would you mind sharing where you got it and the brand or name of the table?

input: is there a floor plan?
target: house . is this a new build? is there a floor plan? tx dar
output: is there a floor plan? is there a floor plan? and sq footage?

input: can you please share what shade of white selected for the cabinets.
target: cabinet paint . can you please share what shade of white selected for the cabinets. it's perfect with the soapstone and walnut!
output: cabinet paint. can you please share what shade of white selected for the cabinets. it's perfect with the soapstone and walnut!

input: could you please tell me the distance between the edge of the island and the edge of the window seat?
target: love your kitchen! could you please tell me the distance between the edge of the island and the edge of the window seat? thank you!
output: love your kitchen! could you please tell me the distance between the edge of the island and the edge of the window seat? thank you!

input: can you share banquette and window height?
target: beautiful. can you share banquette and window height? thank you
output: beautiful. can you share banquette and window height? thank you

input: also, dimensions of this space?
target: hood . love the hood.who makes it? also, dimensions of this space?
output: dimensions of this space? hello! lovely space!

input: what is the make/model of the chandelier?
target: chandelier . what is the make/model of the chandelier? what size is it?
output: chandelier. what is the make/model of the chandelier? what size is it?

input: what a beautiful table!
target: table . what a beautiful table! is it custom? where could i get one? thanks!
output: table. what a beautiful table! is it custom? where could i get one? thanks!

input: where i can buy this kitchen faucet?
target: i am looking for that exact type of kitchen faucet . tell me! where i can buy this kitchen faucet? please le tme know, i would really appreciate it.
output: faucet. where i can buy this kitchen faucet? please le tme know, please.

input: are they plug in or are they installed through the bottoms of the upper cabinets?
target: who is the mfg. of the undercabinet lighting? i am not sold on rope lighting for now. i like these lights better. are they plug in or are they installed through the bottoms of the upper cabinets? thank you. love the color of the wall area. thank you. holly
output: who is the mfg. of the undercabinet lighting? i am not sold on rope lighting for now. i like these lights better. are they plug in or are they installed through the bottoms of the upper cabinets? thank you. love the color of the wall area. thank you. holly

input: where is it?
target: your beautiful kitchen! i love everything about this except i don't see a refrigerator. where is it?
output: your beautiful kitchen! i love everything about this except i don't see a refrigerator. where is it?

input: where can i get this light fixture?
target: where can i get this light fixture? please provide details regarding light fixture . love it!
output: where can i get this light fixture? please provide details regarding light fixture. love it!

input: what is the countertop on the island.
target: island countertop . what is the countertop on the island. thank you
output: island countertop. what is the countertop on the island. thank you

input: what is the backsplash name and by whom, please.
target: kitchen . what is the backsplash name and by whom, please. thanks!
output: backsplash. what is the backsplash name and by whom, please. thanks

input: any ideas who i might contact for quotes and suggestions?
target: the banquette . hello, i would love to have a one sided banquette, counter top height that looks like this one. any ideas who i might contact for quotes and suggestions? thank you.
output: the banquette. hello, i would love to have a one sided banquette, counter top height that looks like this one. any ideas who i might contact for quotes and suggestions? thank you.

input: the rug is just what i am looking for in our dining room.
target: like the rug! the rug is just what i am looking for in our dining room. goes well with our coastal colors. where can i find it? love they way everything goes together in this kitchen.
output: like the rug! the rug is just what i am looking for in our dining room. goes well with our coastal colors. where can i find it? thank you.

input: what is the name of that table style .
target: love this setup . what is the name of that table style . or better yet where can i buy it!? cheers!
output: love this setup. what is the name of that table style. or better yet where can i buy it!

input: i was wondering if you were going to make the island base a different color or shade what would you choose?
target: kitchen island . hello! i was wondering if you were going to make the island base a different color or shade what would you choose? thank you!
output: kitchen island. hello! i was wondering if you were going to make the island base a different color or shade what would you choose? thank you.

input: could you please tell me where you got it and the name?
target: backsplash . great textural detail. could you please tell me where you got it and the name?
output: backsplash. great textural detail. could you please tell me where you got it and the name?

input: what is the countertop here?
target: what is the countertop here? granite? color?
output: what is the countertop here? granite? color?

input: i'm using a similar color scheme in my kitchen but i was wondering should i paint the ceiling and the cabinets different whites?
target: my new kitchen . i'm using a similar color scheme in my kitchen but i was wondering should i paint the ceiling and the cabinets different whites? we putting wood slats on the ceiling and they are painted bm acadiana white. any help would be appreciated. thanks!
output: i'm using a similar color scheme in my kitchen but i was wondering should i paint the ceiling and the cabinets different whites? we putting wood slats on the ceiling and they are painted bm acadiana white. any help would be appreciated. thanks!

input: would it be possible to get a photo of the basic floor plan of this level of the home?
target: floor plan . would it be possible to get a photo of the basic floor plan of this level of the home? we absolutely love everything about this kitchen and great room!
output: floor plan. would it be possible to get a photo of the basic floor plan of this level of the home? we absolutely love everything about this kitchen and great room!

input: it's exactly what we're looking for.
target: where can i get the banquet table? it's exactly what we're looking for. if its custom, please share the designer. thanks!
output: where can i get the banquet table? it's exactly what we're looking for. and, if it's exactly what we're looking for. thanks!

input: can you tell me who makes the fabric or where i can order it?
target: bench fabric, please help . beautiful! love that the fabric is vinyl but still looks luxurious. they must have kids .). can you tell me who makes the fabric or where i can order it? even if only sold to the trade, i'd love to know the exact manufacturer. most vinyl's look cheap but this one is great. thanks in advance!
output: bench fabric, please help. beautiful! love that the fabric is vinyl but still looks luxurious. they must have kids. ) . can you tell me who makes the fabric or where i can order it? even if only sold to the trade, i'd love to know the exact manufacturer. most vinyl's look cheap but this one is great. thanks in advance!

input: who are the cabinets by?
target: who are the cabinets by? kraftmaid? what style?
output: who are the cabinets by? kraftmaid? what style?

input: what company built the booth?
target: what company built the booth? is it leather? thanks. it is a beautiful kitchen!!!!
output: what company built the booth? is it leather? thanks. it is a beautiful kitchen! what company built the booth?

input: what are the perimeter countertops?
target: what are the perimeter countertops? the perimeter countertop material is gorgeous and looks like marble. i'd like to have the name of it please.
output: what are the perimeter countertops? and width? thank you.

input: what type of flooring is in the kitchen?
target: what type of flooring is in the kitchen? thanks! what type of flooring is in the kitchen? thanks!
output: what type of flooring is in the kitchen? thanks! what type of flooring is in the kitchen? thanks

input: what is the paint color on the cabinets?
target: counter top material . are the counter tops granite? do you know the color? what is the paint color on the cabinets? it works so well together.
output: counter top material and paint color. what is the paint color on the cabinets? it looks fantastic!

input: lastly, what are the dimensions of this kitchen.
target: cabinet doors? very inspired by this kitchen for our own renovation. are these cabinets mdf or painted maple? have been cautioned about maple doors cracking at seams. lastly, what are the dimensions of this kitchen. thank you kindly.
output: what are the dimensions of this kitchen. i love everything about this kitchen. also, what are the dimensions of this kitchen. i love everything about it!

input: can you please tell me where that pendant is from??
target: pendant . can you please tell me where that pendant is from?? love it!
output: pendant. can you please tell me where that pendant is from? ? its very beautiful!

input: what color is the wall space painted?
target: wall color please? what color is the wall space painted? looks great against the white tile and trim.
output: wall color. what color is the wall space painted? looks great against the white tile and trim.

input: considering doing something like what you show.
target: cost of windows on back wall would be? i have a room off my kitchen just like the back room here. considering doing something like what you show.
output: cost of windows on back wall would be? i have a room off my kitchen just like the back room here. considering doing something like what you show.

input: hi, can you tell me what the backspash behind the stove is?
target: backspash behind stove . hi, can you tell me what the backspash behind the stove is? thank you! irene
output: backspash behind stove. hi, can you tell me what the backspash behind the stove is? thank you! irene

input: can you share what the floor is?
target: can you share what the floor is? beautiful! beautiful!
output: can you share what the floor is? beautiful! beautiful!

input: what is the color of the island?
target: color of the island? what is the color of the island? thanks.
output: color of the island? what is the color of the island? thanks.

input: if custom, can you tell me what the style would be called so i can match as closely as possible, i.e.
target: cabinetry company? looooove. can you tell me who designs these cabinets or are they custom? if custom, can you tell me what the style would be called so i can match as closely as possible, i.e. traditional?
output: i like the style of the chairs. are those rh or something similar? if custom, can you tell me what the style would be called so i can match as closely as possible, i. e. traditional?

input: do you extend the ladder to lean on the bar for high cabinets?
target: ladder system . this kitchen is gorgeous! was the ladder system custom.made? what is the vendor? do you extend the ladder to lean on the bar for high cabinets?
output: ladder system. this kitchen is gorgeous! ladders are awesome. do you extend the ladder to lean on the bar for high cabinets?

input: are the cabinets dark gray or are they black?
target: cabinet color, countertop? are the cabinets dark gray or are they black? also is the countertop marble? i really like both, thank you.
output: cabinet color, countertop? are the cabinets dark gray or are they black? also is the countertop marble? i really like both, thank you.

input: we have a very tiny kitchen as well, no storage space whatsoever.
target: what is the size of this kitchen? we have a very tiny kitchen as well, no storage space whatsoever. just curious as to what size this kitchen is
output: what is the size of this kitchen? we have a very tiny kitchen as well, no storage space whatsoever. just curious what they used as a pantry, i think they are redo. thank you.

input: where was the rug purchased?
target: buffalo check rug . where was the rug purchased? thank you.
output: buffalo check rug. where was the rug purchased? thank you.

input: can you tell me the type of backsplash material you used?
target: backsplash . hello, i love the quartzite and rift oak cabinets. can you tell me the type of backsplash material you used? i love how it has a matte (or honed) finish.
output: backsplash. i love this kitchen. can you tell me the type of backsplash material you used?

input: can you tell me if this quarter or rift sawn oak?
target: what is the wood specie used here? lovely kitchen! can you tell me if this quarter or rift sawn oak? thank you for sharing!
output: what is the flooring? and color of the floor? can you tell me if this quarter or rift sawn oak? thank you.

input: love the pendent lights?
target: love the pendent lights? what is the source? please tell us the source of the pendent lights. thanks you.
output: love the pendent lights? what is the source? please tell us the source of the pendent lights. thanks

input: please advise the window manufacturer and style?
target: what is the window manufacturer? and style? please advise the window manufacturer and style? thanks!
output: what is the window manufacturer? and style? please advise the window manufacturer and style?

input: curious what type of kitchen flooring they used.
target: excellent kitchen. what is the flooring product? curious what type of kitchen flooring they used. is it real wood, laminate, vinyl plank, etc. and what is the finish?
output: excellent kitchen. what is the flooring product? curious what type of kitchen flooring they used. is it real wood, laminate, vinyl plank, etc. and what is the finish?

input: can you please tell me what material the sink is and who is the manufacturer?
target: apron sink . can you please tell me what material the sink is and who is the manufacturer? thanks!
output: i love this kitchen. can you please tell me what material the sink is and who is the manufacturer? thanks.

input: what material is the countertop?
target: countertop . what material is the countertop? name?
output: counters. what material is the countertop? name?

input: could you please tell me who makes this faucet?
target: faucet? could you please tell me who makes this faucet? thank you!
output: faucet. could you please tell me who makes this faucet? thank you!

input: what is the counter top name?
target: what is the counter top name? thank you . what is the counter top name? thank you!
output: what is the counter top name? thank you. what is the counter top name? thank you.

input: are the counters the same as the island?
target: thick countertops . what size? like the look of the thick tops. what size are they? are the counters the same as the island? thanks!
output: thick countertops. what size? like the look of the thick tops. what size are they? are the counters the same as the island? thanks!

input: can you tell me more about and where to find?
target: love the art! can you tell me more about and where to find? thanks!
output: love the cabinets. can you tell me more about and where to find? thank you!

input: do you mind sharing how to attach the backrest to the wall?
target: hello, . do you mind sharing how to attach the backrest to the wall? thanks
output: hello! do you mind sharing how to attach the backrest to the wall? thanks

input: where is the faux leather from?
target: where is the faux leather from? i love it! thank you for taking the time to answer my question!
output: where is the faux leather from? i love it! thank you for taking the time to answer my question!

input: i can have my bench seating custom built but was wondering if the space i have will work?
target: i have an l wall thats 5'3"x3'4" can i have bench seating like this? i can have my bench seating custom built but was wondering if the space i have will work? l wall measures 5'3 by at least 3'6". just want comfort and enough space.
output: i have an l wall thats 5' 3" x3' 4" can i have bench seating like this? i can have my bench seating custom built but was wondering if the space i have will work? l wall measures 5' 3 by at least 3' 6" . just want comfort and enough space.

input: what was the square footage of the back painted glass backsplash and how much did you pay for full install?
target: back painted glass backsplash . what was the square footage of the back painted glass backsplash and how much did you pay for full install? thanks,
output: back painted glass backsplash. what was the square footage of the back painted glass backsplash and how much did you pay for full install? thanks,

input: could you please tell me how much space is between the two islands (or generally speaking, how much you'd recommend)?
target: distance between islands . hello . beautiful kitchen! could you please tell me how much space is between the two islands (or generally speaking, how much you'd recommend)?
output: distance between islands. hello. this is a gorgeous kitchen. could you please tell me how much space is between the two islands(or generally speaking, how much you'd recommend) ?

input: what is the name of the backsplash tile that you used?
target: backsplash . what is the name of the backsplash tile that you used? who makes it? is it ceramic or porcelain? is the finish shinny or matte? thank you!!
output: backsplash. what is the name of the backsplash tile that you used? who makes it? is it ceramic or porcelain? is the finish shinny or matte? thank you!

input: what is the quartz name?
target: countertop material . what is the quartz name? thank you!
output: countertop material. what is the quartz name? thank you.

input: can you tell us where they came from?
target: we love the roman shade. can you tell us where they came from? btw.this is one beautiful kitchen.
output: we love the roman shade. can you tell us where they came from? thanks.

input: what shade of black and what brand did you use?
target: what shade of black and what brand did you use? we are thinking of spraying our new kitchen cabinets black but would love some more specific direction as to the wide range of blacks out there and sheen options. your help would be so greatly apriciated! btw absolutely love your design!
output: what shade of black and what brand did you use? we are thinking of spraying our kitchen cabinets black but would love some more specific direction as to the wide range of blacks out there and sheen options. your help would be so greatly appreciated!

input: can you do your cabinet fronts for any fridge model?
target: fridge? can you do your cabinet fronts for any fridge model? (ge,kitchenaid,etc.) or does it specifically have to be from ikea? could you do it if you had the right dimensions? thanks!
output: fridge? can you do your cabinet fronts for any fridge model? (ge, kitchenaid, etc. ) or does it specifically have to be from ikea? could you do it if you had the right dimensions? thanks!

input: could you also please tell me what kind of paint is used to get the natural light brown color?
target: what are the measurement if the kitchen and the island? i alsooo loveee the combination of the white and natural wood color on the cabinet. could you also please tell me what kind of paint is used to get the natural light brown color?
output: could you also please tell me what kind of paint is used to get the natural light brown color? i have 4x12 kitchen and i want the exact ones. i am putting in alder cabinets and want to be the same as this kitchen. thank you so much!

input: could you please tell me the about the floor!
target: floor type and manufacturer . could you please tell me the about the floor! i love the color! thanks!
output: floor type and manufacturer. could you please tell me the about the floor! i love the color! thanks

input: did you use the same on the walls and the trim all through the house?
target: what white paint did you use in walls and the kitchen cabinets? the white you used throughout the house is so clean and crisp. did you use the same on the walls and the trim all through the house? thanks!
output: did you use the same on the walls and the trim all through the house? looks great!

input: what material was used?
target: counters . what material was used? love the look!
output: counters. what material was used? looks like wood? what is it?

input: can you tell us the kind of subway tile you used?
target: beautiful kitchen! can you tell us the kind of subway tile you used? we're having trouble finding a basic glossy white subway tile to match with pental lattice. thanks!
output: beautiful kitchen! can you tell us the kind of subway tile you used? we're having trouble finding a basic glossy white subway tile to match with pental lattice. thanks.

input: would you be kind enough to share the brand/color of the tile, and the grout color used?
target: tile and grout . beautiful job with tile and grout. would you be kind enough to share the brand/color of the tile, and the grout color used? it appear they are glossy, correct? many thanks
output: tile and grout. beautiful job with tile and grout. would you be kind enough to share the brand/color of the tile, and the grout color used? it appear they are glossy, correct? many thanks

input: what are the dimensions of the room?
target: donna mcdonald . love this pantry. it's my dream pantry. what are the dimensions of the room? not the cabinets. thank you.
output: what are the dimensions of the room? i love the layout and am looking to remodel and it would be nice to have space. thanks.

input: could you please tell me the dimensions?
target: dimensions . hi, love this butlers pantry. could you please tell me the dimensions?
output: dimensions. hi, love this butlers pantry. could you please tell me the dimensions?

input: can you give make/ brand of backsplash!
target: backsplash tile . can you give make/ brand of backsplash! its beautiful!
output: backsplash tile. can you give make/brand of backsplash! its beautiful!

input: what's the color and brand of the tile?
target: backsplash . what's the color and brand of the tile? looks great!
output: backsplash. what's the color and brand of the tile? looks great!

input: where are the hanging lights from?
target: lights . where are the hanging lights from? the question was asked over a month ago but i see no reply to date. thank you! i really want these in my new kitchen!
output: lights. where are the hanging lights from? the question was asked over a month ago but i see no reply to date. thank you! i really want these in my new kitchen!

input: is the trim also chantilly lace like the cabinets?
target: trim color same as kitchen cabinets? love your redesign! is the trim also chantilly lace like the cabinets? thanks!
output: trim color same as kitchen cabinets? love your redesign! is the trim also chantilly lace like the cabinets? thanks!

input: and what width are the longer cabinets with the single pulls?
target: cabinet pulls . what size cabinet pulls were used? and what width are the longer cabinets with the single pulls?
output: cabinet pulls. what size cabinet pulls were used? and what width are the longer cabinets with the single pulls?

input: what under cabinet lighting did you use?
target: what under cabinet lighting did you use? type and brand, color and lum . thanks
output: what under cabinet lighting did you use? type and brand, color and lum. thanks

input: what are the dimensions of this peninsula?
target: peninsula . what are the dimensions of this peninsula? thanks. love the whole look of these rooms.
output: peninsula. what are the dimensions of this peninsula? thanks.

input: what type of floor?
target: flooring . what type of floor? very nice
output: flooring. what type of floor? very nice

input: can it be used to toast?
target: advantium . can it be used to toast? thanks.
output: advantium. can it be used to toast? thanks.

input: could please tell me where you get it?
target: the hood is so amazing! could please tell me where you get it? thanks
output: backsplash. the back splash is stunning. could please tell me where you get it?

input: i love this supended light over the kitchen, what model is it ?
target: suspended light . wow ! i love this supended light over the kitchen, what model is it ?
output: suspended light. wow! i love this supended light over the kitchen, what model is it?

input: would you know the name/brand that was used?
target: wall color? i love the white color that is used. would you know the name/brand that was used?
output: i love the countertop! would you know the name/brand that was used? thank you!

input: what kind of wood is used for the cabinets?
target: cabinets . what kind of wood is used for the cabinets? who manufactures the hood?
output: cabinets. what kind of wood is used for the cabinets? who manufactures the hood?

input: who manufactures them, where they can be purchased?
target: sliding doors . please provide any details on the sliding doors . who manufactures them, where they can be purchased?
output: who manufactures them, where they can be purchased? thanks. cabinets, i really like the small spaces.

input: also what is the color of the cabinets?
target: hardware is beautiful . where is it from ? also what is the color of the cabinets?
output: what is the color of the cabinets? also what is the color of the cabinets? beautiful kitchen!

input: where are the cabinets from?
target: cabinets . where are the cabinets from? name?
output: cabinets. where are the cabinets from? name?

input: can you please tell me what they are called and where they are from?
target: roman shades . love the roman shades! can you please tell me what they are called and where they are from?
output: great chairs! can you please tell me what they are called and where they are from? thanks

input: can you please tell me how wide the cabinets are on either side of the window.
target: cabinet width . can you please tell me how wide the cabinets are on either side of the window. thanks!
output: dimensions. can you please tell me how wide the cabinets are on either side of the window. thanks

input: could you please tell me where to purchase the sconces at the windows?
target: lights around windows . could you please tell me where to purchase the sconces at the windows? thanks!
output: lights around windows. could you please tell me where to purchase the sconces at the windows? thanks.

input: hi, where did u purchase the stools.
target: seating. hi, where did u purchase the stools. thanks!
output: seating. hi, where did u purchase the stools. thanks!

input: would you tell me the dimensions?
target: dimensions? this is stunning! would you tell me the dimensions?
output: dimensions? this is stunning! would you tell me the dimensions?

input: can you tell me the cabinet manufacturer please?
target: can you tell me the cabinet manufacturer please? love the cabinets. i would like to replace my light cherry shaker cabinets to white and these are the style i'm interested in.
output: can you tell me the cabinet manufacturer please? love the cabinets. thank you.

input: might you know the kind of material and maker?
target: backsplash . hi there. love the look of the wall tile. might you know the kind of material and maker?
output: backsplash. hi there. love the wall tile and the warmth of the room. might you know the kind of material and maker?

input: this looks like a gray color with maybe a glaze?
target: can you tell me the stain on the island? this looks like a gray color with maybe a glaze? thank you. it look fabulous!
output: can you tell me the stain on the island? this looks like a gray color with maybe a glaze? thank you. it look fabulous!

input: can you please tell me a little about the floor?
target: can you please tell me a little about the floor? is it slate? color?
output: can you please tell me a little about the floor? is it slate? color?

input: can i please purchase this stain/finish from you?
target: can i buy the mocha finish stain from you? i am putting in alder cabinets in my home in texas and i want to use this same stain. can i please purchase this stain/finish from you? thank you.
output: can i buy the mocha finish stain from you? i am putting in alder cabinets in my home in texas and i want to use this same stain. can i please purchase this stain/finish from you? thank you.

input: my question is, color/stain of floors?
target: i too love this design. my question is, color/stain of floors? beautiful! i love at the beach (in my mind) and would love to do this two.tone look in my 30 year old traditional home. might blow a few minds, but that's nothing new for me! thank you for taking the time to reply.
output: i too love this design. my question is, color/stain of floors? beautiful! i love at the beach(in my mind) and would love to do this two. tone look in my 30 year old traditional home. might blow a few minds, but that's nothing new for me! thank you for your help!

input: is there any additional finish on them like a glaze ?
target: upper paint color . love this design. what color was used for the upper white cabinets? is there any additional finish on them like a glaze ? thank you!
output: upper paint color. love this design. what color was used for the upper white cabinets? is there any additional finish on them like a glaze? thank you!

input: would love it for my kitchen.
target: dark cabinet . what kind of wood is it. would love it for my kitchen.
output: dark cabinet. what kind of wood is it. would love it for my kitchen.

input: what dark stain color did you use on the knotty alder?
target: what dark stain color did you use on the knotty alder? it is a such a nice color! thanks
output: what dark stain color did you use on the knotty alder? it is a such a nice color! thanks

input: can you tell me the brand and color of the wall paint?
target: can you tell me the brand and color of the wall paint? thanks. paint color.
output: wall paint. can you tell me the brand and color of the wall paint? thank you

input: would like to know the material and color.
target: are the countertops blue granite? love the countertops. would like to know the material and color.
output: are the countertops blue granite? love the countertops. would like to know the material and color.

input: what are the measurements of this cabinet?
target: dimensions please!!! what are the measurements of this cabinet? thank you
output: dimensions. what are the measurements of this cabinet? thank you.

input: what type of countertop??
target: countertops?? what type of countertop?? we're renovating our kitchen andamp. i love this!
output: countertops? ? what type of countertop? ? we're renovating our kitchen andamp. i love this!

input: we are wondering how many pendants we should be allowing to give sufficient light.
target: looks great. well done ! what is the spacing of the lights ? we will have a 7 metre long island and will have led lighting. we are wondering how many pendants we should be allowing to give sufficient light.
output: looks great. well done! what is the spacing of the lights? we will have a 7 metre long island and will have led lighting. we are wondering how many pendants we should be allowing to give sufficient light.

input: woud you please tell me who makes the stove?
target: stove . woud you please tell me who makes the stove? thank you!
output: stove. woud you please tell me who makes the stove? thank you!

input: where can i get those cabinet hardware?
target: cabinet hardware . where can i get those cabinet hardware? are they polished brass?
output: cabinet hardware. where can i get those cabinet hardware? what is the spacing of the beams?

input: hello what color did you use for the top cabinets and finishes?
target: cabinets . hello what color did you use for the top cabinets and finishes? thank you
output: cabinets. hello what color did you use for the top cabinets and finishes? thank you

input: which finish did you use on the cabinets?
target: you did an exceptional job!! which finish did you use on the cabinets? you did an exceptional job!! which finish did you use on the cabinets? warm regards, lateesha
output: you did an exceptional job! which finish did you use on the cabinets? you did an exceptional job! ! which finish did you use on the cabinets?

input: can you please provide me that color?
target: bottom cabinet color please! i have searched crazy for 2/12 kitchen of the week (as stated in a previous post) in order to identify the bottom cabinet color and cannot find. can you please provide me that color? :) thanks!
output: bottom cabinet color please! i have searched crazy for 2/12 kitchen of the week(as stated in a previous post) in order to identify the bottom cabinet color and cannot find. can you please provide me that color? : ) thanks!

input: from where are the cabinet pulls?
target: from where are the cabinet pulls? love! from where are the cabinet pulls? love!
output: from where are the cabinet pulls? looks nice, but not realistic. from where are the cabinet pulls?

input: what is the color of the tile?
target: love the backsplash . what is the color of the tile? and do you know who made it?
output: love the backsplash. what is the color of the tile? and do you know who made it?

input: where did the barstools come from?
target: i love this kitchen! where did the barstools come from? i love them!
output: i love this kitchen! where did the barstools come from? thanks

input: but is are they an off white color or true white?
target: beautiful kitchen!. i know they are custom cabinets . but is are they an off white color or true white?
output: is it a soapstone? and what is the color? but is are they an off white color or true white?

input: also what kind of countertops did you use
target: decorations . where did you get the decorations? the mini trees. also what kind of countertops did you use
output: decorations. where did you get the decorations? the mini trees. also what kind of countertops did you use

input: could you tell me what kind of window blinds these are?
target: window blinds . could you tell me what kind of window blinds these are? love the idea!!
output: window blinds. could you tell me what kind of window blinds these are? and width?

input: where is the cabinet hardware from?
target: cabinet hardware . where is the cabinet hardware from? love the finish! beautiful work!
output: where is the cabinet hardware from? beautiful kitchen! i am trying to replicate this exact cabinet look. thank you!

input: hello, i was wondering what the dimensions of this pantry are?
target: room dimensions . hello, i was wondering what the dimensions of this pantry are? thank you!
output: room dimensions. hello, i was wondering what the dimensions of this pantry are? i was wondering what the dimensions of this pantry are? thanks!

input: do you know the height of the ceiling?
target: do you know the height of the ceiling? is this feasible with 8' ceiling? thanks.
output: do you know the height of the ceiling? is this feasible with 8' ceiling? thanks.

input: where are they from?
target: stools . love the counter stools . where are they from?
output: i love the chandeliers. where are they from? what type and style?

input: where can i get the stools?
target: love the counter stools. where can i get them? where can i get the stools?
output: counter stools. where can i get the stools? thank you.

input: what material and color are the countertops?
target: countertops . what material and color are the countertops? they look great.
output: countertops. what material and color are the countertops? they look great.

input: where was it purchased?
target: love the bar cart!!! where was it purchased? thank you.
output: love the bar cart! ! ! where was it purchased? thank you.

input: hi, can you tell me the dimensions of the island?
target: island dimensions . hi, can you tell me the dimensions of the island? i love it.
output: dimensions. hi, can you tell me the dimensions of the island? also, what is the width of the aisles? thanks

input: if not where can i find it please?
target: where to buy the banquette . is the banquette a custom piece? if not where can i find it please?
output: where to buy the banquette. is the banquette a custom piece? if not where can i find it please?

input: can you tell me the cabinet colors, wall colors and backsplash name and colors!
target: i love this room, everything about it! can you tell me the cabinet colors, wall colors and backsplash name and colors! i am redoing a tiiny condo and think this would make it so great!! we are currently thinking of sherwin williams agreeable grey and snowbound, but i just love this!
output: wall colors and backsplash name and colors! can you tell me the cabinet colors, wall colors and backsplash name and colors! i am trying to achieve this look. it is difficult. what is the paint color?

input: what is the material and color?
target: love the counters! what is the material and color? thank you!
output: countertop materials? what is the material and color? thank you!

input: if indeed wood, what stain was used on them?
target: wood cabinets?? if indeed wood, what stain was used on them? thanks.
output: wood cabinets? ? if indeed wood, what stain was used on them? thanks.

input: would you please provide me information regarding the engineered flooring?
target: beautiful house. flooring? would you please provide me information regarding the engineered flooring? thank you, dianne
output: regarding the engineered flooring. would you please provide me information regarding the engineered flooring? is it engineered? what finish? thank you.

input: can you share where the bar stools are from?
target: perfect bar stools . what a great kitchen. can you share where the bar stools are from?
output: perfect bar stools. what a great kitchen. can you share where the bar stools are from?

input: is the white panel part of the door part of the fridge or is there a separate glass door outside the fridge?
target: love the wine fridge!!! where is it from? i absolutely love the built in wine fridge. is the white panel part of the door part of the fridge or is there a separate glass door outside the fridge? thank you!
output: is there a sealed fridge that doors open? is there a separate glass panel part of the door part of the fridge or is there a separate glass door outside the fridge? or is there another reason?

input: where may i find these cabinets?
target: beautiful! where may i find these cabinets? they go nicely with the craftsman windows of our house we have in the design stages. thank you.
output: these are beautiful cabinets. where may i find these cabinets? they are beautiful.

input: what is the style or name of the crown molding?
target: great kitchen! lovely! what is the style or name of the crown molding?
output: great kitchen! lovely! what is the style or name of the crown molding?

input: can you please advise of the tile size/dimensions.
target: backsplash tile size/dimesnion . i love the backsplash. can you please advise of the tile size/dimensions.
output: backsplash tile size/dimes. can you please advise of the tile size/dimensions. i have a customer that just loves the backsplash. thank you.

input: how were you able to get the wine fridge door to look like a cabinet door with glass?
target: wine fridge door . gorgeous kitchen! we are wanting a wine fridge in our island, but don't like the look of the stainless glass door. how were you able to get the wine fridge door to look like a cabinet door with glass?
output: wine fridge door. how were you able to get the wine fridge door to look like a cabinet door with glass? and, if so, is there a cover for it? thank you

input: please tell me where to get the black pendant lights.
target: pendants . please tell me where to get the black pendant lights. thank you
output: pendants. please tell me where to get the black pendant lights. thank you

input: can you tell me what material you used for the island countertop?
target: can you tell me what material you used for the island countertop? is it honed? i am trying to find the right material for a dull, black look. one that is really off.black, but not grey.
output: can you tell me what material you used for the island countertop? is it honed? i am trying to find the right material for a dull, black look. one that is really off. black, but not grey.

input: what is it?
target: i would love to know the backsplash name too! please let us know. backsplash. what is it?
output: countertops. i love the countertop on the perimeter. what is it?

input: what is the back splash?
target: what is the back splash? it is beautiful. i love the lighting choice t . thank youi
output: what is the back splash? it is beautiful. i love the lighting choice t. thank youi

input: ranch restoration, what are the colors in the kitchen?
target: what is the color? the transitional kitchen. ranch restoration, what are the colors in the kitchen?
output: what is the color? ranch restoration, what are the colors in the kitchen?

input: can you please tell me what type of wood the cabinets are?
target: love this. i love this kitchen! can you please tell me what type of wood the cabinets are? and is that a natural finish?
output: cabinets. can you please tell me what type of wood the cabinets are? i am trying to decide between a true white and an off. white. i like the idea of the cabinets and the black cabinets. thanks!

input: could you please tell me what type of wood the cabinets are and do they have a stain or are they natural?
target: love this . i love these cabinets and this kitchen. could you please tell me what type of wood the cabinets are and do they have a stain or are they natural?
output: cabinets. could you please tell me what type of wood the cabinets are and do they have a stain or are they natural? thanks!

input: can you tell me where to purchase or source the material or something similar to it?
target: can you tell me about the fabric valences? this is a beautiful kitchen. i particularly like the valences. i am assuming they are custom. can you tell me where to purchase or source the material or something similar to it?
output: can you tell me about the fabric valences? this is a beautiful kitchen. i particularly like the valences. the valences are stainless steel. can you tell me where to purchase or source the material or something similar to it?

input: i just had one made a lot like this now have to figure out how to finish it !
target: pine island stained or clear coat ? is it stained a light stain? i just had one made a lot like this now have to figure out how to finish it !
output: is the fridge open? i just had one made a lot like this now have to figure out how to finish it!

input: what type of wood are they?love the kitchen, great work it's beautiful.
target: cabinets? love the cabinets! what type of wood are they?love the kitchen, great work it's beautiful.
output: cabinets? what type of wood are they? love the kitchen, great work it's beautiful. thanks

input: from where did it come?
target: metal tile . i love the metal piece above the stovetop. from where did it come?
output: metal tile. i love the metal piece above the stovetop. from where did it come?

input: can you tell me about the floor tiles.
target: floor . can you tell me about the floor tiles. are they terra cotta? custom?
output: floor. can you tell me about the floor tiles. are they terra cotta? custom?

input: love the beams and perhaps they preexisted, but if not could you share solid/box, dimensions and stain treatment?
target: beam details . love the beams and perhaps they preexisted, but if not could you share solid/box, dimensions and stain treatment? thanks so much!
output: beam details. love the beams and perhaps they preexisted, but if not could you share solid/box, dimensions and stain treatment? thanks!

input: can you please tell me where i can buy this from?
target: skylight . love the skylight! what is it made out of? can you please tell me where i can buy this from? thank you!
output: backsplash. i love the backsplash! what is it called? can you please tell me where i can buy this from? thank you!

input: and who/where could i get the couch.
target: stools . where could i purchase the stools? they are gorgeous. and who/where could i get the couch. thank you. love everything!
output: stools. where could i purchase the stools? and who/where could i get the couch. thank you.

input: what kind of sink is that?
target: what kind of sink is that? just beautiful. love the sink
output: what kind of sink is that? just beautiful. love the sink

input: where can i find them?
target: this kitchen is to die for :.))) especially love these bar stools!!! where can i find them?
output: this kitchen is to die for: . ) ) especially love these bar stools! ! ! where can i find them?

input: hi there.absolutely love this hood .shape style color everything.can you tell me who made this for you?
target: love the hood! hi there.absolutely love this hood .shape style color everything.can you tell me who made this for you? appreciate your time!
output: who made the hood? hi there. absolutely love this hood. shape style color everything. can you tell me who made this for you? appreciate your time!

input: what is the cabinetry made of and what type of finish was used on them?
target: cabinetry? i am blown away by the beautiful touches and warmth of this kitchen. what is the cabinetry made of and what type of finish was used on them? thanks.
output: cabinetry? i am blown away by the beautiful touches and warmth of this kitchen. what is the cabinetry made of and what type of finish was used on them? thanks.

input: can you tell me where they purchased the back splash.
target: beautiful kitchen! can you tell me where they purchased the back splash. thanks
output: beautiful kitchen! can you tell me where they purchased the back splash. thanks

input: could you please tell me the dimensions of this island?
target: could you please tell me the dimensions of this island? heighth, length and width, if you can, please. beautiful kitchen! could you please share the dimensions of this island? i am having one made, and i am trying to make it so that we can sit at it, as well as have the drawers there for silverware. would love to know height, length andamp. width if it's possible. thanks!
output: dimensions. could you please tell me the dimensions of this island? also, the width of the aisles on either side of the island. thanks!

input: specifically, how the kitchen ties into the family seating area, the adjacent dining nook, the cabinet finishes, fireplace backplate, sink and lighting fixtures.
target: love this kitchen and all the beautiful details, fabrics and finishes! can you pls post more pictures? specifically, how the kitchen ties into the family seating area, the adjacent dining nook, the cabinet finishes, fireplace backplate, sink and lighting fixtures.
output: does the kitchen open up in the kitchen? specifically, how the kitchen ties into the family seating area, the adjacent dining nook, the cabinet finishes, fireplace backplate, sink and lighting fixtures.

input: could you please pass on the paint colour?
target: i've been searching for that wall colour! could you please pass on the paint colour? it is perfect!
output: i'm in love with this kitchen! could you please pass on the paint colour? thank you!

input: and do you think it would be durable with a dog?
target: floors . what type of floors? color? and do you think it would be durable with a dog?
output: floors. what type of floors? color? and do you think it would be durable with a dog?

input: please let me know whats used.
target: ceiling . i'm just in aww of that ceiling. is that tile or wall paper?. it's so cool!! please let me know whats used.
output: ceiling. i'm just in aww of that ceiling. is that tile or wall paper? . it's so cool! ! please let me know whats used.

input: what type of finish do you use?
target: what type of finish do you use? lacquer or paint. i've been told paint touches up easier andamp. cheaper. but i'm leaning towards lacquer. thanks so much for your time.
output: counter finish. what type of finish do you use? is it an immobility?

input: how high is ceiling and size of stovetop?
target: beautiful kitchen! how high is ceiling and size of stovetop? thanks!
output: beautiful kitchen! how high is ceiling and size of stovetop? thanks

input: was it custom and can i find it?
target: love the fabric on the stools. was it custom and can i find it? thanks!
output: love the fabric on the stools. was it custom and can i find it? thanks

input: who makes it?
target: love the lantern. who makes it? thanks!
output: love the lantern. who makes it? thank you

input: where can i buy them please.
target: pendant lights are awesome! where can i buy them please. thanks!
output: chairs. where can i buy them please. thanks.

input: what type of soapstone was used?
target: what type of soapstone was used? from what source? what are the details re? the soapstone countertops? what type of soapstone was used? from what source? thank you
output: counters. what type of soapstone was used? what color is it?

input: could you please share the cabinet color?
target: cabinet color . beautifully done kitchen . could you please share the cabinet color?
output: could you please share the cabinet color? thank you. beautiful work!

input: what is the flooring?
target: flooring . what is the flooring? is it real brick? thanks!
output: flooring. what is the flooring? is it real brick? thanks!

input: where can i find them?
target: kitchen redo . love be the counter stools. where can i find them?
output: this kitchen is to die for: . ) ) especially love these bar stools. what is the brand/color? where can i find them?

input: the finishes in this house show how meticulously planned every room must have been prior to construction.
target: ceiling height and beam depth? seriously one of the most beautiful kitchens/houses on houzz! the finishes in this house show how meticulously planned every room must have been prior to construction. love!!
output: ceiling height and beam depth. what is the ceiling height? the finishes in this house show how meticulously planned every room must have been prior to construction. overall, i'd like to know the best design for this kitchen, thanks!

input: could you tell me who manufacturers the pendants above the island?
target: beautiful lighting! hi this is a gorgeous living space. i love everything, but i'm looking for light fixtures. could you tell me who manufacturers the pendants above the island? thank you
output: kitchen island lights. could you tell me who manufacturers the pendants above the island? thanks!

input: are the electrical outlets under the cabinets: .
target: are the electrical outlets under the cabinets: . i am looking for a way to hide the electrical outlets on the backsplash. looking for suggestions.
output: are the electrical outlets under the cabinets: . i am looking for a way to hide the electrical outlets on the backsplash. looking for suggestions.

input: where are they from?
target: bar chairs? they are beautiful. where are they from?
output: love the floors? where are they from? what type and style?

input: what.
target: what. type are lights inside cabinet . brand eric
output: what. type are lights inside cabinet. brand eric

input: real oak hardwood?
target: kitchen floor . what color stain? real oak hardwood?
output: kitchen floor. what color stain? real oak hardwood?

input: also, what style of mouser cabinet?
target: what brand of paint did you use? also, what style of mouser cabinet? we absolutely love the cabinet design and color! we want to mimic it exactly.
output: what is the kitchen? also, what style of mouser cabinet? i'd like to know the cabinet color. thanks!

input: how can i make it feel bigger and open it up?
target: kitchen repair . i have a very small kitchen and i want to make it bigger. how can i make it feel bigger and open it up?
output: i like the wall of the room. how can i make it feel bigger and open it up?

input: what type of brick or tile?
target: backsplash.love it! what type of brick or tile? what manufacturer?
output: backsplash. what type of brick or tile? what is the name?

input: what color is the wall above the window?
target: wall paint . what color is the wall above the window? beautiful kitchen!
output: wall paint. what color is the wall above the window? it is beautiful.

input: what is the brand andamp.
target: fridge . what is the brand andamp. model of the fridge?
output: fridge. what is the brand andamp. model of the fridge?

input: where can i find this hardware?
target: hardware . this kitchen is so beautiful. where can i find this hardware? i especially love the appliance pulls. looking for something just like this!
output: hardware. where can i find this hardware? i would like to know the approximate cost of the hardware. thanks

input: what is the brand of paint ?
target: cabinets . i can't find the color you stated earlier myself. what is the brand of paint ?
output: cabinets. i can't find the color you stated earlier myself. what is the brand of paint?

input: what is size of the oven, brand name and the cook top name/ size .
target: what is size of the oven, brand name and the cook top name/ size . is the counter cabinet stander size? what is the oven size/brand name? cook top size/brand name? thanks, joanne
output: what is size of the oven, brand name and the cook top name/size. is the counter stander size? what is the oven size/brand name? cook top size/brand name? thanks, joanne

input: what type of wood and stain are on the floor?
target: floor . what type of wood and stain are on the floor? thanks!
output: floor. what type of wood and stain are on the floor? thanks!

input: wanting to specifically what finish they are.
target: cabinet hardware . i am very familiar with the series knobs/pulls used here. wanting to specifically what finish they are. oil rubbed bronze? black? patine black? thanks!
output: what is the finish of the cabinets? wanting to specifically what finish they are. i am going to install a similar look and have white cabinets in my kitchen. thanks.

input: is there any method for picking the right size pull (eg, 1/3 width of drawer).
target: pull proportions . i love your use if different sized pulls and the normandy collection but struggling to determine the right size for my various drawers (ranging from about 14".36"). is there any method for picking the right size pull (eg, 1/3 width of drawer). any advice is much appreciated. thank you!
output: pull proportions. i love your use if different sized pulls and the normandy collection but struggling to determine the right size for my various drawers(ranging from about 14" . 36" ) . is there any method for picking the right size pull(eg, 1/3 width of drawer) . any advice is appreciated. thanks!

input: for your stacked upper cabinets, what is the height of the upper cabinet and the glass cabinet above it.
target: ceiling and upper cabinet heights . for your stacked upper cabinets, what is the height of the upper cabinet and the glass cabinet above it. trying to figure out if this would work with my 9 foot ceilings
output: upper cabinet height. for your stacked upper cabinets, what is the height of the upper cabinet and the glass cabinet above it. looks great. thanks for your help.

input: what colour are the cabinets?
target: cabinets . what colour are the cabinets? are they glazed. thank you.
output: what colour are the cabinets? i am looking for a light cream colour. thank you!

input: would that work or will i be too cramped when the dishwasher is open?
target: would a 6 or 9" cabinet next to the sink be ok to open dishwasher . i have a small l shaped kitchen.10 x 12. i am putting in a corner sink. because of space issues i would like to put either a 6 or 9 inch pull out cabinet between the sink base and the dishwasher. would that work or will i be too cramped when the dishwasher is open?
output: would a 6 or 9" cabinet next to the sink be ok to open dishwasher. i have a small l shaped kitchen. 10 x 12. i am putting in a corner sink. because of space issues, i am having one open to open up. would that work or will i be too cramped when the dishwasher is open?

input: what size are the ones on the refrigerator?
target: love the handles. what size are the ones on the refrigerator? on the wide drawers? thank you!
output: love the handles. what size are the ones on the refrigerator? and what is the material?

input: could you please tell me what brand refrigerator this is?
target: could you please tell me what brand refrigerator this is? i am having a very difficult time finding a single door, bottom freezer that will accept panels and that i can still put a cabinet above. hanks in advance
output: could you please tell me what brand refrigerator this is? i am putting in alder cabinets and i want to do a similar layout. thank you.

input: how many inches does the sink step in from the rest of counter edge if it wasn't stepped in?
target: sink . how many inches does the sink step in from the rest of counter edge if it wasn't stepped in? also any pics that show the rest of the kitchen?
output: sink. how many inches does the sink step in from the rest of counter edge if it wasn't stepped in? also any pics that show the rest of the kitchen?

input: what is the angle degree on the bayed countertop.??.
target: what is the angle degree on the bayed countertop.??. i'm wondering if there is room to stand at sink and still access / load the dishwasher .??. i would like to use this design approach but it's been suggested that it's a bad design for this reason. seems to me if you leave some room on either side of sink before you make the angle then there should be room to stand at sink. with dishwasher door down.
output: what is the angle degree on the bayed countertop. ? ? . i'm wondering if there is room to stand at sink and still access/load the dishwasher. ? ? . i would like to know the approximate square footage of the sink and also the type of tile used. thank you!

input: what color is the trim around the windows next to the creamy cabinet color?
target: trim color . what color is the trim around the windows next to the creamy cabinet color? looks good
output: trim color. what color is the trim around the windows next to the creamy cabinet color? looks great!

input: what wood is the floor?
target: floors . what wood is the floor? looks wonderful!
output: floors. what wood is the floor? looks wonderful!

input: can you provide the details on these?
target: pull handles . i love these pull handles. can you provide the details on these? thanks in advance!
output: who makes the countertops? these are gorgeous. can you provide the details on these?

input: what is the color that is used on the cupboards?
target: patsy . what is the color that is used on the cupboards? is it an antique white or white?
output: what is the color that is used on the cupboards? i have looked through all of the pictures and haven't been able to determine the color of the cabinets. any color on the cabinets? it's perfect.

input: what grout color did you use?
target: love the backsplash! what grout color did you use? love the backsplash! what grout color did you use?
output: backsplash. what grout color did you use? love the backsplash! what grout color did you use?

input: could you share what size your island is?
target: great work. island size? just discovered your work. so beautiful. could you share what size your island is? everything is so beautiful.
output: great work. island size? could you share what size your island is? it is so dreamy!

input: what stain color did you use?
target: floors! i'd love to know about these gorgeous floors . are they white oak? what stain color did you use? thanks!
output: floors! i'd love to know about these gorgeous floors. are they white oak? what stain color did you use? thanks!

input: what is the paint color to the right of the backsplash?
target: paint color . what is the paint color to the right of the backsplash? thank you!
output: paint color. what is the paint color to the right of the backsplash? thank you!

input: what is the item in the niche and where can i find it?
target: what is the item in the niche and where can i find it? thanks . i have a niche in my kitchen i need to fill and i am looking for something different.
output: what is the item in the niche and where can i find it? thanks. i have a niche in my kitchen i need to fill and i am looking for something different.

input: also, what is the name of the backsplash tile and where can i get it?
target: paint color and backsplash . what is the paint color on the wall? also, what is the name of the backsplash tile and where can i get it? great kitchen design.
output: backsplash. what is the paint color on the wall? also, what is the name of the backsplash tile and where can i get it? great kitchen design.

input: i have an 8 ft island similarly shaped.what is the width of the lights.
target: size of lights . i have an 8 ft island similarly shaped.what is the width of the lights. i'm putting 2 lights in but unsure of size i need to provide proper lighting. thanks.
output: size of lights. i have an 8 ft island similarly shaped. what is the width of the lights. i'm putting 2 lights in but unsure of size i need to provide proper lighting. thanks.

input: hi could you please provide the dimensions of the island?
target: dimensions . island . hi could you please provide the dimensions of the island? thanks
output: dimensions. island. hi could you please provide the dimensions of the island? thanks

input: what brand and color are these kitchen cabinets?
target: we are in love with this kitchen. what brand and color are these kitchen cabinets? where did you find those lights? what kind and what color is the countertop?
output: what brand and color are these kitchen cabinets? thank you. what brand and color are these kitchen cabinets? thank you.

input: i'd love to know the color of the granite too!???
target: granite color . i'd love to know the color of the granite too!??? it's beautiful
output: granite color. i'd love to know the color of the granite too! ? ? ? it's beautiful

input: would this unit work?
target: cabinet door is 19" opening. there is 24" depth from the door opening. to the left there is 44" our cabinet door would open with the hinges on the left and the 44" of space is to the left. just the opposite of the picture. would this unit work? thanks
output: cabinet door is 19" opening. there is 24" depth from the door opening. to the left there is 44" our cabinet door would open with the hinges on the left and the 44" of space is to the left. just the opposite of the picture. would this unit work? thanks

input: where did you / the client find this antique lab table?
target: antique laboratory table turned kitchen island . where did you / the client find this antique lab table? i would like to find something similar.
output: antique laboratory table turned kitchen island. where did you/the client find this antique lab table? i would like to find something similar. thanks

input: can you please tell us the finish on faucet/pulls and who makes them?
target: faucet/cabinet hardware maker and finish . can you please tell us the finish on faucet/pulls and who makes them? love the britannia blue lower cabinet color with the brass color!! blends nicely with the unique antique island.
output: faucet/cabinet hardware and finish. can you please tell us the finish on faucet/pulls and who makes them? love the cabinet color. great job!

input: is that an artifact of the lighting, natural variation in the glaze, or did you mix shades of tile around the room?
target: tiles . i love the way the tiles seem to change color around the kitchen. is that an artifact of the lighting, natural variation in the glaze, or did you mix shades of tile around the room?
output: is that an artifact of the lighting, natural variation in the glaze, or did you mix shades of tile around the room? i have been told that it is not a good example of any tile, and this is difficult. thanks!

input: do you remember the wall color?
target: wall paint color? thank you for your speedy reply on the cabinets. do you remember the wall color? all of the colors blend so well together!
output: wall paint color? thank you for your speedy reply on the cabinets. do you remember the wall color? all of the colors blend so well together!

input: hi, could you please tell me the manufacturer of and make/model details fo teh cabinets?
target: kitchen cabinets . hi, could you please tell me the manufacturer of and make/model details fo teh cabinets? and, i'm assumining it's a laminate? thanks
output: kitchen cabinets. hi, could you please tell me the manufacturer of and make/model details fo teh cabinets? and, i'm assumining it's a laminate? thanks

input: what is the edge detail and corners on the counter?
target: what is the edge detail and corners on the counter? i love the look! is it pencil edge and 1/4" round on corners? thanks
output: what is the edge detail and corners on the counter? i have a client that loves the countertop and the color of it. thanks

input: people all have the same question.how do you keep the window clean ?
target: have you had any problems with the window behind the stove ? i love the window behind the stove idea and want to do the same thing in my kitchen. people all have the same question.how do you keep the window clean ? i don't think it would be a problem at all. what are the pro's and con's of the window behind the stove top.
output: have you had any problems with the window behind the stove? i love the window behind the stove idea and want to do the same thing in my kitchen. people all have the same question. how do you keep the window clean? i don't think it would be a problem at all. what are the pro's and con's of the window behind the stove idea?

input: are they full overlay?
target: cabinets . are they full overlay? gorgeous.
output: cabinets. are they full overlay? gorgeous.

input: what type of material is on the wall?
target: wall material?? what type of material is on the wall? thanks
output: wall material? ? what type of material is on the wall? thanks

input: would you mind sharing what size this grill counter is.
target: grill area detail . this is beautiful! would you mind sharing what size this grill counter is. also which brand of appliances you purchased. also, are these cabinets waterproof? which type of wood is used? thank you so much!
output: grill area detail. this is beautiful! would you mind sharing what size this grill counter is. also which brand of appliances you purchased. also, are these cabinets waterproof? which type of wood is used? thank you!

input: could you please share the material and color of the island countertop?
target: countertop of island? could you please share the material and color of the island countertop? thank you!
output: countertop of island? could you please share the material and color of the island countertop? thank you.

input: hi, what wood floors are these?
target: woodfloors? hi, what wood floors are these? thanks, gabi
output: wood floors. hi, what wood floors are these? thanks!

input: what are the floor colors and island color?
target: floor colors and island color? what are the floor colors and island color? thanks!
output: floor colors and island color? what are the floor colors and island color? thanks!

input: guessing maybe these are 33" high cabinet?
target: ceiling . do you know the ceiling height? guessing maybe these are 33" high cabinet? i'm working on 8' ceiling kitchen and trying to keep enough space below cabinet for balance. thanks.
output: ceiling. do you know the ceiling height? guessing maybe these are 33" high cabinet? i'm looking for something like this. thanks!

input: can you please tell me what brand and color used on the cabinets and wall?
target: wall/cabinet color . can you please tell me what brand and color used on the cabinets and wall? thank you
output: cabinets and wall. can you please tell me what brand and color used on the cabinets and wall? thanks

input: for the range hood, did your fabricator just add a piece of oak similar to your flooring?
target: range hood design . hi, love all your houses! for the range hood, did your fabricator just add a piece of oak similar to your flooring?
output: range hood design. hi, love all your houses! for the range hood, did your fabricator just add a piece of oak similar to your flooring?

input: have you had any problems with the water?
target: windows . are the window wood or fiberglass? have you had any problems with the water? thanks for answering. i am debating to use wood or fiberglass in my flush to the counter windows in my new kitchen.
output: windows. are the window wood or fiberglass? have you had any problems with the water? thanks

input: could you please tell me the overall dimensions of the window in front of the sink?
target: kitchen sink window size? could you please tell me the overall dimensions of the window in front of the sink? thank you.
output: kitchen sink window size? could you please tell me the overall dimensions of the window in front of the sink? thank you.

input: who did the window treatments .
target: who did the window treatments . who did the window tratments? love them.
output: who did the window treatments. who did the window treatments. where did they?

input: could you please tell me what material the flooring is?
target: could you please tell me what material the flooring is? thank you. could you please tell me what the flooring material is? thanks!
output: could you please tell me what material the flooring is? thank you. it is a beautiful kitchen.

input: would you mind sharing makes those windows and is that a special type of install?
target: love the windows and the way the are installed. love the windows flush to counter tops without a sill! beautiful and very unique. would you mind sharing makes those windows and is that a special type of install? wish we could see above the valance. the view is stunning. thanks! love the whole kitchen. i have drawer envy.
output: love the windows and the way the are installed. beautiful windows! would you mind sharing makes those windows and is that a special type of install? wish i could see above the valance. the view is stunning. thanks

input: where are these from?
target: so much to love . i love the wallpaper and the chairs. where are these from?
output: stools. where are these from? thanks!

input: would mind sharing where the wonderful wallpaper is from?
target: wallpaper . would mind sharing where the wonderful wallpaper is from? i'm in love.
output: wallpaper. would mind sharing where the wonderful wallpaper is from? i'm in love.

input: i was wondering what cabinet line these were from/who was your cabinet maker?
target: cabinet maker . i was wondering what cabinet line these were from/who was your cabinet maker? i love the butternut wood and would like to check these out. thank you.
output: cabinet maker. i was wondering what cabinet line these were from/who was your cabinet maker? i am looking for a smaller, smaller, kitchen. thanks

input: was it done with dry wall mud?
target: ceiling . sorry to bother you again about this ceiling, but we ready to do our ceiling and i want it to look like this. you said in a previous comment, it was a "stucco like" treatment. was it done with dry wall mud? stucco? if you would share the material that would be wonderful.
output: ceiling. sorry to bother you again about this ceiling, but we ready to do our ceiling and i want it to look like this. you did a good job.

input: can you tell me where they are from?
target: light fixtures . love the light fixtures above the island . can you tell me where they are from?
output: backsplash. i love the backsplash. can you tell me where they are from?

input: what color of granite was used for counter top?
target: counter top . what color of granite was used for counter top? was it honed? thanks
output: counter top. what color of granite was used for counter top? was it honed? thanks

input: where can i purchase these?
target: cabinet hardware. love the long cabinet handles. where can i purchase these?
output: counter stools? who is the manufacturer? where can i purchase these?

input: can you share the source?
target: what a beautiful rug! can you share the source? thanks!
output: what a beautiful rug! can you share the source? thanks!

input: would you please share what it is?
target: wallpaper . love this wallpaer. would you please share what it is?
output: wallpaper. the wallpaper is gorgeous. would you please share what it is?

input: are the cabinets a true white or a creamy white?
target: are the cabinets a true white or a creamy white? they are lovely. i am trying to decide on frost white cabinets or creamy white, my back splash is white subway tile. thanks
output: are the cabinets a true white or a creamy white? they are lovely. i am trying to decide on frost white cabinets or creamy white, my back splash is white subway tile. thanks

input: can you provide the type of flooring and stain used?
target: beautiful floors! what is the stain color? can you provide the type of flooring and stain used?
output: flooring. can you provide the type of flooring and stain used? thanks

input: i love the island countertops but am wondering what you used as the backsplash.
target: backsplash . i just love this kitchen. i am doing a large renovation with a full kitchen gut and addition. my cabinets are custom with bm snowflake with a chocolate glaze. i love the island countertops but am wondering what you used as the backsplash. thank you for your time answering my question. best regards!
output: backsplash. i love the island countertops but am wondering what you used as the backsplash. thanks

input: what are the dimensions of this dining area and how many does it comfortably seat?
target: breakfast nook dimensions . i have 5x7 space to make a breakfast nook. what are the dimensions of this dining area and how many does it comfortably seat?
output: breakfast nook dimensions. what are the dimensions of this dining area and how many does it comfortably seat?

input: what colors are the walls and cabinets?
target: wall and cabinet color . what colors are the walls and cabinets? thanks!
output: wall and cabinet color. what colors are the walls and cabinets? thanks!

input: how tall are the cabinets to right and left of cooking surface?
target: how tall are the cabinets to right and left of cooking surface? thank . we’ll laid out kitchen. nice design.
output: how tall are the cabinets to right and left of cooking surface? thank. we’ll laid out kitchen. nice work!

input: but i know you said the island is 80 x 82, but anyway you can tell me how much space is on the side of the island for the two flanking stools?
target: island barstool side space . i know this is a long shot. but i know you said the island is 80 x 82, but anyway you can tell me how much space is on the side of the island for the two flanking stools? or can you tell me the width of the custom barstools?
output: i know you said the island is 80 x 82, but anyway you can tell me how much space is on the side of the island for the two flanking stools? and what is the space on the side of the island for the two flanking stools? this is what my kitchen is looking for!

input: or does it have room on the side for breakfast table?
target: island . does this kitchen only have island? or does it have room on the side for breakfast table? asking because i have breakfast table and island but wish to replace table space, and expand the island. just didn't know if it was a good idea.
output: does it have room on the side for breakfast table? or does it have room on the side for breakfast table? or is there a room to reach me?

input: where were the chairs purchased?
target: chairs . where were the chairs purchased? they are beautiful!
output: chairs. where were the chairs purchased? thanks!

input: what brand and where do i purchase?
target: what type of floor is this? this looks like a ceramic wood look floor. what brand and where do i purchase?
output: what type of floor is this? this looks like a wood look floor. what brand and where do i purchase?

input: what material is it?
target: like the dark wood floor. what material is it? engineered? width?
output: like the dark wood floor. what material is it? engineered? width?

input: can you please tell me the material and color of the backsplash and dark countertop?
target: backplash and countertop . can you please tell me the material and color of the backsplash and dark countertop? :) thank you!
output: backsplash and countertop. can you please tell me the material and color of the backsplash and dark countertop? : ) thank you!

input: can someone tell me where i can find them to purchase?
target: love the pendant lights over the island! can someone tell me where i can find them to purchase? thanks!
output: backsplash. i love your backsplash! can someone tell me where i can find them to purchase? thanks!

input: can you please tell me where it is from and the pattern name?
target: love the tile. can you please tell me where it is from and the pattern name? is it ceramic or stone?
output: backsplash tile. can you please tell me where it is from and the pattern name? is it ceramic or stone?

input: any chance you can provide the kitchen dimensions?
target: any chance you can provide the kitchen dimensions? hi hayley. this kitchen is just so lovely and inviting. i'm loving all the windows!
output: any chance you can provide the kitchen dimensions? hi hayley. this kitchen is just stunning and welcoming. i am looking for something similar i love!

input: can you please tell me the manufacturer of the island stools.
target: island stools . can you please tell me the manufacturer of the island stools. thank you
output: island stools. can you please tell me the manufacturer of the island stools. thank you

input: and is trim color the same or different?
target: what color paint is on the cabinets? cabinet color . and is trim color the same or different?
output: what color paint is on the cabinets? cabinet color. and is trim color the same or different?

input: can you provide name and color of tile, and perimeter counter?
target: tile, counters . can you provide name and color of tile, and perimeter counter? thanks
output: tile, counters. can you provide name and color of tile, and perimeter counter? what is the material?

input: can you please tell me the type of tile that was used for the flooring?
target: what type of tile was used for the floor . can you please tell me the type of tile that was used for the flooring? material? brand name and where i may be able to find it?
output: what is the stain on the floor? it is beautiful. can you please tell me the type of tile that was used for the flooring?

input: where can i get the shelves/brackets?
target: shelving . where can i get the shelves/brackets? they're perfect
output: shelving. where can i get the shelves/brackets? they're perfect

input: can you please tell me the color used on the cabinets.
target: beautiful design . can you please tell me the color used on the cabinets. thank you.
output: beautiful cabinets! can you please tell me the color used on the cabinets. thank you.

input: could you please tell me the name of the stools and where they came from?
target: love the stools. could you please tell me the name of the stools and where they came from? thank you.
output: counter stools? could you please tell me the name of the stools and where they came from? thank you.

input: are the door and window hardward chrome and brass?
target: door and window hardward . i love the colors in this kitchen, beautiful! are the door and window hardward chrome and brass? i have brass hardware in my kitchen and replacing the patio door and at a loss as to whether or not to use brass or mix the medal with brushed chrome. thoughts?
output: door and window hardward. i love the colors in this kitchen, beautiful! are the door and window hardward chrome and brass? i have brass hardware in my kitchen and replacing the patio door and at a loss as to whether or not to use brass or mix the medal with brushed chrome. thoughts?

input: would love to find those stools .
target: would love to find those stools . they look designer quality. can you tell how to find them?
output: would love to find those stools. they look designer quality. can you tell how to find them?

input: please let us know which company made the cabinets and which style doors were used?
target: cabinets? please let us know which company made the cabinets and which style doors were used? thank you.
output: cabinets? please let us know which company made the cabinets and which style doors were used? thanks

input: what is the paint and finish on the cabinets and will it go well with white macaubus counter tops ?
target: what is the paint and finish on the cabinets ? thank you . this is a gorgeous kitchen. what is the paint and finish on the cabinets and will it go well with white macaubus counter tops ?
output: what is the paint and finish on the cabinets? thank you. this is a gorgeous kitchen. what is the paint and finish on the cabinets and will it go well with white macaubus counter tops?

input: tile or wood?
target: floor . need floor with radiant heat in my kitchen. need to know the mfg of the tiles and the name of the design. any other ideas . tile or wood? that can be used with radiant heat.
output: floor. need floor with radiant heat in my kitchen. need to know the mfg of the tiles and the name of the design. any other ideas. tile or wood? that can be used with radiant heat.

input: where are the counter stools from?
target: stools? stunning kitchen! where are the counter stools from?
output: stools? stunning kitchen! where are the counter stools from?

input: what is it made of?
target: countertop . the countertop is beautiful. what is it made of? thanks!
output: countertop. the countertop is beautiful. what is it made of? thanks!

input: what material is the island built of?
target: island material . what material is the island built of? stain? thank you
output: island material. what material is the island built of? stain? thank you

input: is the la cornue range black or dark blue?
target: range . is the la cornue range black or dark blue? this kitchen is amazing!
output: range. is the la cornue range black or dark blue? this kitchen is amazing!

input: where can i get this area rug runner?
target: rug . where can i get this area rug runner? beautiful.
output: rug. where can i get this area rug runner? beautiful.

input: could you tell me where you purchased the stools from?
target: stools? could you tell me where you purchased the stools from? thank you!
output: stools? could you tell me where you purchased the stools from? thank you!

input: can you please the floor type.
target: floor . can you please the floor type. is it wood or tiles?
output: floor. can you please the floor type. is it wood or tiles?

input: also, the facuet make and finish?
target: what is the counter top? marble? also, the facuet make and finish?
output: what is the counter top? marble? also, the facuet make and finish?

input: could you please share the island cabinet color and the tile used for the backsplash?
target: island and backsplash . beautiful kitchen! could you please share the island cabinet color and the tile used for the backsplash?
output: backsplash. could you please share the island cabinet color and the tile used for the backsplash? thanks!

input: can you share who made these?
target: brass shelving?? love the open brass shelving. can you share who made these?
output: brass shelving? ? love the open brass shelving. can you share who made these?

input: could you please share who makes them?
target: love the island lights! could you please share who makes them? island lighting company?
output: who makes the pulls? great looking kitchen. could you please share who makes them?

input: what material is the backsplash , metal or glass?
target: cozy and beautiful . what material is the backsplash , metal or glass? source?
output: cozy and beautiful. what material is the backsplash, metal or glass? source?

input: how are they anchored to the wall, and what is the load.bearing capacity?
target: gorgeously functional kitchen! browsing the ideabook on your kitchen has been so inspiring! tell me more about the wooden shelving . how are they anchored to the wall, and what is the load.bearing capacity? presumably pretty good, as you've got quite a bit of stuff stacked on them. thanks!
output: gorgeously functional kitchen. how are they anchored to the wall, and what is the load. bearing capacity? estimated as well. thanks in advance.

input: do they come in 24"?
target: great chairs! were are they from . do they come in 24"?
output: great chairs! were are they custom built? do they come in 24" ? thanks

input: could you tell me what color the backsplash is and is .
target: great kitchen. could you tell me what color the backsplash is and is . is the backsplash tile beveled and glossy. could you tell me the color
output: could you tell me what color the backsplash is and is. is the backsplash tile or wood? i have white oak cabinets and would love to recreate this. thank you.

input: can you please tell me the colour of the cabinetry?
target: cabinetry . can you please tell me the colour of the cabinetry? cloud white?
output: cabinetry. can you please tell me the colour of the cabinetry? cloud white?

input: what is the width of the island legs?
target: width of island legs . what is the width of the island legs? width of island?
output: width of island legs. what is the width of the island legs? width of island?

input: what color is the cabinet hardware?
target: cabinet hardware . what color is the cabinet hardware? love!
output: what color is the cabinet hardware? i love the cabinet hardware. it is a beautiful accent.

input: do you have faucet details?
target: faucets . thanks for all the answers! do you have faucet details?
output: faucet details? this kitchen is amazing! i am in love with this kitchen! do you have faucet details? thanks.

input: where did you get the stools?
target: love the kitchen . love this kitchen! where did you get the stools?
output: love the counter stools. where did you get the stools? thanks

input: can you please give the dimensions of the island?
target: love love love this kitchen! can you please give the dimensions of the island? oh and i love that slit of a sink in it!
output: dimensions. can you please give the dimensions of the island? thanks!

input: i'm also looking to use similar countertop (honed granite), do you recommend i go with a pure, bright white or off white cabinets that are slightly on a cream side?
target: love the kitchen. cabinet color recommendation? i'm also looking to use similar countertop (honed granite), do you recommend i go with a pure, bright white or off white cabinets that are slightly on a cream side?
output: countertop application. i'm also looking to use similar countertop(honed granite) , do you recommend i go with a pure, bright white or off white cabinets that are slightly on a cream side? i love the creamy look but don't like any color. thanks

input: would you share the countertop and backsplash materials?
target: so pretty! would you share the countertop and backsplash materials? thanks!
output: countertop and backsplash materials. would you share the countertop and backsplash materials? i love the industrial look. thanks!

input: what is the counter top and back splash?
target: what is the counter top and back splash? marble? quartz? granite? please let me know the name of the granite (if it is granite). thanks
output: what is the counter top and back splash? marble? quartz? granite? please let me know the name of the granite(if it is granite) . thanks

input: did you paint existing cabinets or custom order new cabinets?
target: kitchen cabinets . did you paint existing cabinets or custom order new cabinets? i absolutely love it!
output: kitchen cabinets. did you paint existing cabinets or custom order new cabinets? i absolutely love it!

input: where are the pendants from?
target: where are the pendants from? love them . trying to match and no luck!
output: where are the pendants from? i love these pendants and have been searching for something similar. any info is appreciated. thanks!

input: what brand cabinets are these and what color are the base?
target: what brand cabinets are these and what color are the base? thank you . what brand cabinets are these and what color are the base? thank you
output: what brand cabinets are these and what color are the base? thank you. what brand cabinets are these and what color are the base? thank you.

input: could you tell me the color and wood specie of the island please.
target: great island color . could you tell me the color and wood specie of the island please. thank you. monica mmcguigan@ewkitchens.com
output: could you tell me the color and wood specie of the island please. thanks. your kitchen is stunning.

input: can you please share the brand name, style and color?
target: interesting cabinet pulls . i love your choice of cabinet pulls for this kitchen. can you please share the brand name, style and color? thank you!
output: cabinets. can you please share the brand name, style and color? thanks

input: can you tell me where they can be purchased?
target: cabinets . i am in love with these cabinets. can you tell me where they can be purchased?
output: cabinets. i am in love with these cabinets. can you tell me where they can be purchased?

input: what brand and material make up are the white lower cabinets as well as the beige surround the ovens?
target: what brand and material are the lower white cabinets . what brand and material make up are the white lower cabinets as well as the beige surround the ovens? love the modern gloss look !thank you so much!
output: what brand and material are the lower white cabinets. what brand and material make up are the white lower cabinets as well as the beige surround the ovens? love the modern gloss look! thank you so much!

input: could you please tell me the cabinet color and grout color?
target: cabinet color . could you please tell me the cabinet color and grout color? thank you
output: cabinet color. could you please tell me the cabinet color and grout color? thanks

input: wondering who makes the wallpaper and chandeliers?
target: love this room! wondering who makes the wallpaper and chandeliers? thanks!
output: love this room! wondering who makes the wallpaper and chandeliers? thanks!

input: is it possible to install such beams in place of a load bearing wall?
target: steel column/beam . hi, i absolutely love this space and am looking to renovate and create a similar look/feel. did you install the steel beams/columns, or were they part of the preexisting structure. is it possible to install such beams in place of a load bearing wall?
output: beams. is it possible to install such beams in place of a load bearing wall? we have a 9 x 8 ft long at the bottom and 15 ft long island. i am concerned about any moving parts from the outside and should not be used. thank you in advance!

input: what is the color of the window mullions + casing?
target: window casing + mullion color? what is the color of the window mullions + casing? what color is the window hardware?
output: window casing+mullion color? what is the color of the window mullions+casing? what is the color of the window casing+casing?

input: if were to replicate, love the brick, and brick as exterior, what insulation?
target: insulation . what type of insulation? if were to replicate, love the brick, and brick as exterior, what insulation?
output: insulation. what type of insulation? if were to replicate, love the brick, and brick as exterior, what insulation?

input: hi, can you tell me where i could find the shelves?
target: shelves? hi, can you tell me where i could find the shelves? and if they were custom made, who made them? we are renovating in this style in the kitchen real soon! thanks!
output: shelves? hi, can you tell me where i could find the shelves? and if they were custom made, who made them? we are renovating in this style in the kitchen and having trouble organizing a pantry. thanks!

input: can i find more pics of this house?
target: can i find more pics of this house? and is that subway tile? can i find more pics of this house? and is that subway tile?
output: can i find more pics of this house? and is that subway tile? can i find more pics of this house? and is that subway tile?

input: how can i find it?
target: love the narrow slide out pantry. whereis it from ? how can i find it?
output: love the pot rack! how can i find it? thanks.

input: would you kindly tell me the dimensions of this wonderful design piece.
target: dimensions of this piece . would you kindly tell me the dimensions of this wonderful design piece. thank you barbara
output: dimensions of this piece. would you kindly tell me the dimensions of this wonderful design piece. thank you barbara

input: where did u buy the stone hood.
target: remolding our kitchen . where did u buy the stone hood. was it custom made?
output: remolding our kitchen. where did u buy the stone hood. was it custom made?

input: and if it's wood, what type of paint or sealant did you use?
target: our new kitchen . what type of material is the backsplash? and if it's wood, what type of paint or sealant did you use?
output: i love the cabinet paint color! what is the color on the cabinets? and if it's wood, what type of paint or sealant did you use?

input: do you also by chance know how wide they are?
target: pendants . hi there! love your pendants. could you tell me the make and name of it? do you also by chance know how wide they are? thanks!
output: dimensions of the dimensions? do you also by chance know how wide they are? these are counter drawers. i love the stainless drawers, and this kitchen is beautiful.

input: may i please know the purchasing information for it?
target: unbelievable!!! i can’t believe no one asked about that pretty wallpaper! may i please know the purchasing information for it? thank you in advance.
output: i love the kitchen! may i please know the purchasing information for it? thank you!

input: what color and brand is the grout used for the backsplash!
target: grout . what color and brand is the grout used for the backsplash! love the back splash!
output: grout. what color and brand is the grout used for the backsplash! beautiful kitchen!

input: what color are the tiles ?
target: backsplash tile . beautiful kitchen ! what color are the tiles ? thank you for the maker.
output: backsplash tile. what color are the tiles? and what edge was used?

input: can you tell me the brand, style and color of these pulls?
target: cabinet pulls . can you tell me the brand, style and color of these pulls? thanks
output: pulls. can you tell me the brand, style and color of these pulls? thanks

input: who makes the one inside the sink in the picture please?
target: sponge holder inside sink? i notice there's a sponge holder inside the sink. i just assumed they couldn't be attached to a fireclay sink. who makes the one inside the sink in the picture please? btw: i'm a huge fan of all your work.
output: sponge holder inside sink? i am trying to replicate this sponge size from this sponge holder. who makes the one inside the sink in the picture please?

input: what is the sink size?
target: sink size? hello . what is the sink size? is this the 24" rhol?
output: sink size? hello. what is the sink size? and cabinet dimensions?

input: can you please tell me the color/brand/information of the green subway tiles?
target: backsplash tile . can you please tell me the color/brand/information of the green subway tiles? i'd like to know about the sink as well.
output: backsplash tile. can you please tell me the color/brand/information of the green subway tiles? and the cabinet color name? thank you.

input: what kind of material is the counter top?
target: counter top . what kind of material is the counter top? name of color please. thanks a bunch!
output: counter top. what kind of material is the counter top? what color is it?

input: where did you find open shelving that could hold that much weight?
target: the open shelving . where did you find open shelving that could hold that much weight? thanks!
output: shelving. where did you find open shelving that could hold that much weight? thanks

input: just wondering who manufactured the glass cabinet doors.
target: glass cabinet doors . to clarify . just wondering who manufactured the glass cabinet doors.
output: glass cabinet doors. to clarify. just wondering who manufactured the glass cabinet doors.

input: how many inches from cooktop to bottom edge of hood?
target: hood height . how many inches from cooktop to bottom edge of hood? thanks
output: hood height. how many inches from cooktop to bottom edge of hood? thanks

input: can you please tell me the name of the paint color?
target: contrasting island . can you please tell me the name of the paint color? thank you.
output: contrasting island. can you please tell me the name of the paint color? thank you.

input: i can't tell from your photo, but is your crown molding the same color as cabinets or is it different?
target: crown molding . beautiful kitchen! i can't tell from your photo, but is your crown molding the same color as cabinets or is it different? thank you!
output: crown molding. beautiful kitchen! i can't tell from your photo, but is your crown molding the same color as cabinets or is it different? what is the color?

input: can you tell me what color stain was used on the floor and if it's red or white oak?
target: albertla122 . can you tell me what color stain was used on the floor and if it's red or white oak? redoing all my floors and just love that color. thank you
output: can you tell me what color stain was used on the floor and if it's red or white oak? red oak stain? red oak, white oak, and red oak countertops? and what is the color? thank you

input: can you tell us the cabinet color.
target: what is the cabinet color . can you tell us the cabinet color. the light beige ?
output: what is the cabinet color. can you tell us the cabinet color. the light beige?

input: can you tell me the name of the granite color?
target: our countertop . can you tell me the name of the granite color? i have the same color cabinets and that would look great!
output: can you tell me the name of the granite color? i have the same color cabinets and that would look great!

input: what is the maker and model of the cooktop?
target: cooktop? what is the maker and model of the cooktop? thank you for your inspiring photo.
output: cooktop? what is the maker and model of the cooktop? thank you for your inspiring photo.

input: looks like the trashcan stays exposed because the towel area is open?
target: is there a cover for the trash can? looks like the trashcan stays exposed because the towel area is open? doesn't that let smell out?
output: is there a cover for the trash can? looks like the trashcan stays exposed because the towel area is open? doesn't that let smell out?

input: can you tell me what the wood post is finished with?
target: love! this! we're renovating our home and have a similar look in mind with white and woods. can you tell me what the wood post is finished with? thanks!
output: wood post. can you tell me what the wood post is finished with? thanks

input: beautiful cabinets, wood?
target: beautiful cabinets . beautiful cabinets, wood? painted color?
output: beautiful cabinets. beautiful cabinets, wood? painted color?

input: would you mind sharing with me what you used on the countertops and backsplash?
target: countertops and backsplash . would you mind sharing with me what you used on the countertops and backsplash? thanks!
output: countertops and backsplash. would you mind sharing with me what you used on the countertops and backsplash? thanks!

input: can you tell me the brand and name of the paint color on the wall?
target: paint color? can you tell me the brand and name of the paint color on the wall? thanks!
output: can you tell me the brand and name of the paint color on the wall? thanks

input: i don't see an oven anywhere.
target: where is the oven? i don't see an oven anywhere. is it in the island?
output: where is the oven? i don't see an oven anywhere. is it in the island?

input: what are the dimensions of the island and the overhang?
target: island . what are the dimensions of the island and the overhang? also wanted to find out width of aisles on either side of island.
output: island. what are the dimensions of the island and the overhang? thanks

input: what kind of solution was used for the shelf lighting?
target: shelf lighting . what kind of solution was used for the shelf lighting? led light strips?
output: shelf lighting. what kind of solution was used for the shelf lighting? led light strips?

input: i'd love to know where you found the floor runner and whether it's a flat weave/knotted etc.
target: floor runner . i'd love to know where you found the floor runner and whether it's a flat weave/knotted etc. thanks!
output: floor runner. i'd love to know where you found the floor runner and whether it's a flat weave/knotted etc. thanks!

input: is that marble or manufactured surface?
target: the counter tops? is that marble or manufactured surface? love the color scheme. thanks.
output: the counter tops? is that marble or manufactured surface? thanks.

input: could you share the source for the lights above the sink area?
target: lights above sink . love the space! could you share the source for the lights above the sink area? again, great space!
output: lights above sink. love the space! could you share the source for the lights above the sink area? again, great space!

input: what was used on the windows?
target: love, love this kitchen!! thanks for giving the paint colors. what was used on the windows? thanks.
output: love, love this kitchen! thanks for giving the paint colors. what was used on the windows? thanks.

input: what is the wall color?
target: wall color . what is the wall color? love it. warm and light.
output: wall color. what is the wall color? and cabinet color?

input: is the kitchen counter natural or man made?
target: kitchen counter and cabinets . is the kitchen counter natural or man made? are cabinets walnut? stained?
output: kitchen counter and cabinets. is the kitchen counter natural or man made? are cabinets walnut? stained?

input: can you tell me the materials (shower and bath wall tiles)?
target: bathroom tiles details . this house is a masterpiece! i love the elegance, simplicity and functionality of the space. can you tell me the materials (shower and bath wall tiles)? thanks.
output: bathroom tiles details. this house is a masterpiece! i love the elegance, simplicity and functionality of the space. can you tell me the materials(shower and bath wall tiles) ? thanks.

input: hello, what material was used for the backsplash, is it a glass slab?
target: backsplash material? hello, what material was used for the backsplash, is it a glass slab? thanks
output: backsplash material? hello, what material was used for the backsplash, is it a glass slab? thanks

input: are you able to divulge the brand/name?
target: backsplash tile. yes, that backsplash tile is stunning. are you able to divulge the brand/name?
output: backsplash tile. yes, that backsplash tile is stunning. are you able to divulge the brand/name?

input: please share where they are from?
target: leather island chairs . beautiful island chairs. please share where they are from?
output: leather island chairs. beautiful island chairs. please share where they are from?

input: would you please share the manufacturer or source for the gold sconces that sit above the windows?
target: gold sconces . would you please share the manufacturer or source for the gold sconces that sit above the windows? thank you!
output: gold sconces. would you please share the manufacturer or source for the gold sconces that sit above the windows? thank you!

input: can you tell me what the flooring is?
target: beautiful flooring . i'm in love with the warmth of this space. can you tell me what the flooring is? thank you!
output: flooring. can you tell me what the flooring is? thanks!

input: what is the counter top made of?
target: countertop love color . what is the counter top made of? what’s the name?
output: countertop love color. what is the counter top made of? what’s the name?

input: is it made of metal or what material and if so how is it finished?
target: bronze hood . material? the range hood really sets off the kitchen design. is it made of metal or what material and if so how is it finished? thank you
output: i love the metal look. is it made of metal or what material and if so how is it finished? thank you

input: can you tell me the name and make?
target: love the wood tile. can you tell me the name and make? kitchen remodel
output: love the wood tile. can you tell me the name and make? thank you

input: what is the wood floor in the kitchen made from?
target: what is the wood floor in the kitchen made from? laminate?wood? color? i would like a similar wood floor in my remodel
output: what is the wood floor in the kitchen made from? laminate? wood? color? i would like a similar wood floor in my remodel

input: what are the dimensions of the kitchen?
target: room size . what are the dimensions of the kitchen? it's beautiful!
output: what are the dimensions of the kitchen? i love this kitchen! what are the dimensions of the kitchen? what is the material?

input: same size island?
target: cost of approx. same size island? thank you for your info.
output: cost of approx. same size island? thank you for your info.

input: from where ?
target: backsplash . from where ? really love the subway tile in the stone !
output: backsplash. from where? really like the backsplash.

input: where were they purchased?
target: love the island pendants! where were they purchased? thank you.
output: love the island pendants! where were they purchased? thank you.

input: what paint did you use?
target: island paint color . love the color of the island. what paint did you use? thanks!
output: island paint color. what paint did you use? thanks

input: love the backsplash tile, where is it from?
target: love the backsplash tile, where is it from? beautiful . remodeing a kitchen and bathroom and i love the blue tile
output: love the backsplash tile, where is it from? beautiful. remodeing a kitchen and bathroom and i love the blue tile

input: would you mind providing the dimensions?
target: room dimensions . would you mind providing the dimensions? i love the layout, but cannot grasp the scale. thank you.
output: room dimensions. hello! would you mind providing the dimensions? i love the layout, but i'm looking for something just like this. thank you.

input: what is the brick around the window , .
target: what is the brick around the window , . trying to match a brick backslash with a bone cabinets and brown countertop. i will also have a distressed island
output: what is the brick around the window, . trying to match a brick backslash with a bone cabinets and brown countertop. i will also have a distressed island

input: i was wondering where i can buy them.
target: distressed chambray counter height bar stools . hi i love these bar stools and would like to purchase them. i was wondering where i can buy them. the bar stool are counter height distressed wood with a c chambray colored seat and half of the back. thank you so much suzi
output: stools. i love the stools. where can i buy them?

input: what tile is used here?
target: love this tile! what tile is used here? thank you!
output: tile is used here? what tile is used here? thank you.

input: is the island countertop calacata nuvo?also what colour is the island?
target: is the island countertop calacata nuvo?also what colour is the island? beautiful kitchen. would like to know paint colour of the island? thank you,
output: is the island countertop calacata nuvo? also what colour is the island? beautiful kitchen. would like to know paint colour of the island? thank you,

input: what brand or where is it from?
target: where is the chair/stool from? i love the blue upholstered chair. what brand or where is it from?
output: where is the chair/stool from? i love the blue upholstered chair. what brand or where is it from?

input: where did you get the sliding door hardware from?
target: hardware . where did you get the sliding door hardware from? we sell some that is nearly identical but this type looks like it has a very different style for mounting to the wall.
output: hardware. where did you get the sliding door hardware from? we sell some that is nearly identical but this type looks like it has a very different style for mounting to the wall.

input: would you mind telling me the size of the island and the designer and model of the range?
target: i love this kitchen!! it is the inspiration for my kitchen reno. would you mind telling me the size of the island and the designer and model of the range? also, where did you hide the oven? thanks.
output: i love this kitchen! it is the inspiration for my kitchen reno. would you mind telling me the size of the island and the designer and model of the range? also, where did you hide the oven? thanks.

input: what brand is the coffeemaker?
target: coffeemaker model . what brand is the coffeemaker? thank you.
output: coffeemaker model. what brand is the coffeemaker? thank you.

input: can you tell us the brand and style?
target: flooring . love the flooring! can you tell us the brand and style? thanks!
output: flooring. love the flooring. can you tell us the brand and style? thanks!

input: what are they ?
target: countertops . they are gorgeous! what are they ?
output: countertops. they are gorgeous! what are they?

input: love the narrow shelves, could you tell me if they were bought and where or custom made?
target: we're the shelves bought or custom made? love the narrow shelves, could you tell me if they were bought and where or custom made? thank you!
output: narrow shelves. love the narrow shelves, could you tell me if they were bought and where or custom made? thank you!

input: can you tell me what the wood is for these cabinets?
target: love the cabinets! can you tell me what the wood is for these cabinets? also, what treatment did you use/color of stain? gorgeous!
output: love the cabinets! can you tell me what the wood is for these cabinets? also, what treatment did you use/color of stain? thank you!

input: can you tell me the measurement of space between island and range/counter?
target: island distance from counter . can you tell me the measurement of space between island and range/counter? thank you!
output: island distance from counter. can you tell me the measurement of space between island and range/counter? thank you.

input: i am looking for something similar, can you please share from where you have gotten them?
target: backsplash tiles? are these custom made? i am looking for something similar, can you please share from where you have gotten them?
output: backsplash tiles? are these custom made? i am looking for something similar, can you please share from where you have gotten them?

input: how is the countertop and overhang supported to prevent sagging?
target: how is the countertop and overhang supported to prevent sagging? my plans call for an 8’8” quartz run with a 13” overhang. i understand with long runs the quartz can sag and plywood isn’t enough support to prevent sagging. thank you for reply.
output: how is the countertop and overhang supported to prevent sagging? my plans call for an 8’8”quartz run with a 13”overhang. i understand with long runs the quartz can sag and plywood isn’t enough support to prevent sagging. thank you for reply!

input: can you please share the grout color?
target: grout color . can you please share the grout color? thanks!
output: grout color. can you please share the grout color? thanks

input: what is it called??
target: love the color of the cabinets! what is it called?? paint details please!
output: love the color of the cabinets! what is it called? ? paint details please!

input: what are the dimensions of the island?
target: lovely! what are the dimensions of the island? thanks!
output: love the island! what are the dimensions of the island? thanks!

input: what is the color of the cabinets?
target: what is t . what is the color of the cabinets? thank you
output: what is the color of the cabinets? i love the cabinet color! what is the color of the cabinets? thanks!

input: hi, would you mind sharing the stone used for the island countertop?
target: countertop material? hi, would you mind sharing the stone used for the island countertop? thank you! it's gorgeous.
output: countertop material? hi, would you mind sharing the stone used for the island countertop? thank you! it's gorgeous.

input: is the cabinet painted in benjamin moore and what color blue is it?
target: is the cabinet painted in benjamin moore and what color blue is it? i love the color you chose for the cabinets! please tell me what it is. thank you.
output: is the cabinet painted in benjamin moore and what color blue is it? i love the color you chose for the cabinets! please tell me what it is. thank you.

input: what type of solid surface did you use here?
target: solid surface . what type of solid surface did you use here? it is beautiful. thank you!
output: solid surface. what type of solid surface did you use here? it is beautiful. thank you.

input: is this backsplash polished marble with white grout?
target: backsplash question . hello! is this backsplash polished marble with white grout?
output: backsplash question. hello! is this backsplash polished marble with white grout?

input: what type of cabinets?
target: new kitchen . beautiful kitchen. what type of cabinets?
output: cabinets. what type of cabinets? are they stained or painted?

input: was wondering if you do custom lighting?
target: beautiful! do you use custom lighting? love the layout! was wondering if you do custom lighting? my boss and i looked through your work and are interested in possibly working with you for future projects. feel free to contact us at (818) 597.9494. thanks so much!
output: lighting. hello! was wondering if you do custom lighting? your kitchen is stunning and i am being told by are it difficult to maintain. i am looking for something just like your pic.

input: please share any info that you may have as to where to get such a lovely range hood.
target: custom range hood . i love the whole design! please share any info that you may have as to where to get such a lovely range hood. it fits so well with the chosen range. thank you!
output: custom range hood. i love the whole design! please share any info that you may have as to where to get such a lovely range hood. it fits so well with the chosen range. thank you

input: who makes the pendants over the island?
target: love your design . who makes the pendants over the island? they are lovely!
output: who makes the pendants over the island? and the banquette. who makes the pendants over the island?

input: do you know what the floor stain is and the original wood?
target: love your kitchen, very warm and soft. do you know what the floor stain is and the original wood? thank you.
output: do you know what the floor stain is and the original wood? i like the contrasting wood and the overall look. thanks

input: can you share which company makes these windows?
target: window manufacturer . can you share which company makes these windows? thanks!
output: who makes these windows? can you share which company makes these windows? thanks

input: hello, i know this project is more the a year old, but any chance you remember who makes the pulls for the refrigerator .
target: refrigerator handles . hello, i know this project is more the a year old, but any chance you remember who makes the pulls for the refrigerator . i need 18" and don't like any i am finding. many thanks in advance, sue
output: refrigerator handles. hello, i know this project is more the a year old, but any chance you remember who makes the pulls for the refrigerator. i need 18" and don't like any i am finding. many thanks in advance, sue

input: what is the wallpaper on the ceiling?
target: wallpaper? so pretty! what is the wallpaper on the ceiling?
output: wallpaper? what is the wallpaper on the ceiling? thanks.

input: also is that an appliance garage?
target: what type of wood is this? beautiful design. quite thoughtful. i love the positioning of the double ovens. i often find one or the other a little awkward. also is that an appliance garage? bravo!
output: what type of wood is this? beautiful design. quite thoughtful. i love the seating at back bench and spacious space. also is that an appliance garage? i love how it goes with the built in appliances.

input: can you tell me who is the manufacturer of the table?
target: table . can you tell me who is the manufacturer of the table? or is it custom made? what are the dimensions?
output: table. can you tell me who is the manufacturer of the table? or is it custom made? what is the finish?

input: would you have the dimensions of the alcove?
target: dining area bench . would you have the dimensions of the alcove? is the red corner bench custom made?
output: dining area bench. would you have the dimensions of the alcove? is the red corner bench custom made?

input: do you know where to get them?
target: i like the lights over dining table . do you know where to get them? i would like to see them up close.
output: i like the lights over dining table. do you know where to get them? i would like to see them up close.

input: do you mind sharing your source?
target: where is the table from? i've been looking for a smaller size breakfast table that would work in our nook. this looks perfect. do you mind sharing your source? thanks.
output: where is the table from? i've been looking for a smaller size breakfast table that would work in our nook. this looks perfect. do you mind sharing your source? thanks!

input: what is the horse print in the costal ranch kitchen hallway?
target: horse print in kitchen hallway . what is the horse print in the costal ranch kitchen hallway? is there another picture available of it? thank you.
output: horse print in kitchen hallway. what is the horse print in the costal ranch kitchen hallway? is there another picture available of it? thank you!

input: what is the ceiling height in this kitchen?
target: what is the ceiling height in this kitchen? ceiling height? thank you for your responses
output: ceiling. what is the ceiling height in this kitchen? and cabinet size?

input: where are the light fixtures from?
target: where are the light fixtures from? love these light fixtures. think they would look fabulous in my new renovated living room.
output: where are the light fixtures from? i love these light fixtures. any info is appreciated. thanks!

input: would you be so kind as to tell me the colour of the paint on the island?
target: island paint colour . would you be so kind as to tell me the colour of the paint on the island? thank you.
output: island paint colour. would you be so kind as to tell me the colour of the paint on the island? thank you!

input: love these cabinets, do you happen to know the color?
target: cabinet color . love these cabinets, do you happen to know the color? thanks so much!
output: cabinets. love these cabinets, do you happen to know the color? thanks!

input: can you tell me wood, stain, where they were purch?
target: love these floors. can you tell me wood, stain, where they were purch? thanks, it is a lovely home~!!!
output: floors. i love this flooring! can you tell me wood, stain, where they were purch? thanks, it is a beautiful home~ !

input: what kind of countertop material is this?
target: what kind of countertop material is this? love the color! thanks
output: countertop materials? what kind of countertop material is this? engineered? and what is it?

input: were these cabinets painted a white?
target: colour of white cabinets . were these cabinets painted a white? do you have the color name? are they white or an off.white?
output: colour of white cabinets. were these cabinets painted a white? do you have the color name? are they white or an off. white?

input: where are these stools from?
target: stools . where are these stools from? love the counter stools! where are they from?
output: stools. where are these stools from? please

input: would you share the color?
target: blue island color . great blue! would you share the color? thank you!
output: counter top material and color. would you share the color? thank you!

input: can you tell me where i could find these island legs?
target: where can i find these island legs? i love this island!! can you tell me where i could find these island legs? are these 6”? our island is going to be 103” x 71” with some sort of additional overhang for seating. i’m trying to figure out the best size for the posts/leg. i love this island! thank you!
output: where can i find these island legs? i love this island! can you tell me where i could find these island legs? i am having a difficult time with finding these island legs?

input: can you provide the color of the stain used?
target: island stain color? can you provide the color of the stain used? it's lovely
output: stain. can you provide the color of the stain used? it's stunning!

input: where can i get it?
target: chandelier . it's beautiful! where can i get it?
output: countertop. love the countertop. where can i get it?

input: what are the white cabinets colors and the wall color?
target: what are the white cabinets colors and the wall color? thank you!!! it is beautiful
output: what are the white cabinets colors and the wall color? thank you! ! ! it is beautiful

input: what is the species of the wood on the island and range surround?
target: wood species . what is the species of the wood on the island and range surround? do you know how it was treated to preserve the color? thank you! gorgeous kitchen :)
output: wood species. what is the species of the wood on the island and range surround? do you know how it was treated to preserve the color? thanks.

input: hello, can you please tell me what the brand of the mission oak stain is?
target: brand of stain . hello, can you please tell me what the brand of the mission oak stain is? thanks!
output: brand of stain. hello, can you please tell me what the brand of the mission oak stain is? andgt. )

input: i am thinking of doing the exact same backsplash in my kitchen and i was wondering how hard it is to keep clean and also what you use to clean it.
target: is the backsplash hard to clean . i am thinking of doing the exact same backsplash in my kitchen and i was wondering how hard it is to keep clean and also what you use to clean it. thanks
output: is there a product on the backsplash? i am thinking of doing the exact same backsplash in my kitchen and i was wondering how hard it is to keep clean and also what you use to clean it. thanks

input: what type of wood is used for the cabinets and what color is the stain?
target: cabinetry . what type of wood is used for the cabinets and what color is the stain? thanks!
output: cabinets. what type of wood is used for the cabinets and what color is the stain? thanks!

input: could you tell me the wall color, please?
target: love the colors! could you tell me the wall color, please? i love the warmth of the room!
output: could you tell me the wall color, please? i have a great wall color and i want to do something just like this.

input: what granite is this?
target: granite . what granite is this? thanks!
output: granite. what granite is this? thanks!

input: can you please tell me the dimensions of the island as well as how much space is in between the island and other cabinets.
target: love the island space. can you please tell me the dimensions of the island as well as how much space is in between the island and other cabinets. thanks
output: dimensions. can you please tell me the dimensions of the island as well as how much space is in between the island and other cabinets. thanks

input: lastly, what kind of countertop is that and what is the color name?
target: cabinets, floor and countertop names please? what is the cabinet wood and color? what is the floor wood and color? lastly, what kind of countertop is that and what is the color name? all beautiful!
output: cabinets, floor and countertop names please? what is the floor wood and color? lastly, what kind of countertop is that and what is the color name? all beautiful!

input: would you please share what type of wood you used for the cabinets and if it's a veneer?
target: cabinet material? would you please share what type of wood you used for the cabinets and if it's a veneer? thank you
output: cabinets? would you please share what type of wood you used for the cabinets and if it's a veneer? thank you!

input: what kind of quartz on counter and what kind of granite on island?
target: counter materials? what kind of quartz on counter and what kind of granite on island? thanks
output: counter materials? what kind of quartz on counter and what kind of granite on island? thanks

input: source?
target: bar stool info please . those bar stools are beautiful. source?
output: lights. love the lighting. source? thanks

input: what is the dimension of each curved island counter top?
target: what is the dimension of each curved island counter top? where on earth did you get a table this shape? thanks!
output: what is the dimension of each curved island counter top? i have 5 ft ceilings and would like to have a counter top on the right. thanks

input: can you tell me the company please.
target: chandelier is beautiful . love the open feel of this beautiful chandelier. can you tell me the company please. your kitchen is fabulous!
output: great chairs! can you tell me the company please. thanks

input: what are the dimensions of the island unit, including all components?
target: what are the dimensions of the island unit, including all components? hello, what a lovely, unique design! wondering how much open space we need? if we can't do seating for 6 at the bench, maybe 4? with kind regards, lizza
output: what are the dimensions of the island unit, including all components? hello, what a lovely, unique design! wondering what is the dimension of the island unit? what is the actual size of the island? thanks

input: debating eliminating kitchen table for big island what’s the length to fit 5 in this kitchen?
target: length of island . debating eliminating kitchen table for big island what’s the length to fit 5 in this kitchen? i have almost identical pre pic !
output: length of island. debating eliminating kitchen table for big island what’s the length to fit 5 in this kitchen? i have almost identical pre pic!

input: what is the countertop for the island?
target: island countertop . lovey! what is the countertop for the island?
output: island. what is the countertop for the island? thanks!

input: could you please tell me the paint colors on the ceiling, beams and walls.
target: beautiful job!!! wish i could make my kitchen look like that! could you please tell me the paint colors on the ceiling, beams and walls. thanks
output: beautiful job! ! wish i could do this in my kitchen. could you please tell me the paint colors on the ceiling, beams and walls. thanks.

input: what is the floor wood type?
target: love this kitchen! what is the floor wood type? what stain was used?
output: love this kitchen! what is the floor wood type? what stain was used?

input: and do you know the name?
target: light fixtures . the light fixtures are absolutely beautiful! who makes them? and do you know the name?
output: light fixtures. i love the light fixtures! who makes them? and do you know the name?

input: where are the chairs from?
target: those chairs! hello! where are the chairs from?
output: those chairs! hello! where are the chairs from?

input: dimensions of the kitchen?
target: dimensions of the kitchen? hello! lovely kitchen layout, i will have a very similar one and was hoping you can share your kitchen dimensions. thank you!
output: dimensions of the kitchen? hello! lovely kitchen layout. i have a very similar one and was hoping you can share your kitchen dimensions. thank you.

input: can you share the source?
target: love globe light. can you share the source? light fixture
output: love globe light. can you share the source? light fixtures?

input: what material is the floor?
target: what material is the floor? details please. thanks.
output: floors. what material is the floor? details please. thanks.

input: would you share the source please ?
target: bar stools . love the bar stools . would you share the source please ? thanks in advance !
output: countertop material and color? would you share the source please? thanks!

input: are the cabinets "custom built" and how did you get such a great stain match, cabinets/floor?
target: cabinets and hardwood floors. same wood? white oak prehaps? absolute love the seamless look from cabinets to flooring! are the cabinets "custom built" and how did you get such a great stain match, cabinets/floor? any resources are appreciated!
output: cabinets and hardwood floors. i love the cabinet color in this kitchen. are the cabinets" custom built" and how did you get such a great stain match, cabinets/floor? what finish?

input: is it possible to get the basic floor plan of the house?
target: love this house! is it possible to get the basic floor plan of the house? we are planning to build and would love something like this. thanks!
output: love this house! is it possible to get the basic floor plan of the house? we are planning to build and would love something like this. thanks.

input: can you please tell me where you got your pendants from?
target: lighting . such a beautiful kitchen! can you please tell me where you got your pendants from? thank you soo much!
output: lighting. such a beautiful kitchen! can you please tell me where you got your pendants from? thank you soo much!

input: is the backsplash tile matte white?
target: is backsplash tile matte white? is the backsplash tile matte white? and what size?
output: is backsplash tile matte white? is the backsplash tile matte white? and what size?

input: would you be so kind as to share the make and model of the backsplash tile?
target: great combination! i love your finish selections. would you be so kind as to share the make and model of the backsplash tile? i love the “waves” in them. kudos and thanks!
output: great combination! i love your finish selections. would you be so kind as to share the make and model of the backsplash tile? i love the exact ones used. thank you.

input: what are these countertops, please?
target: this is incredible! what are these countertops, please? this is incredible! what are these countertops, please? i would absolutely love to know! this house makes me want to move states!!
output: countertops. what are these countertops, please? this is such a beautiful kitchen! thank you.

input: what is the color of the stain on the beams?
target: what is the color of the stain on the beams? love it . what is the color of the stain on the beams?
output: what is the color of the stain on the beams? love it. what is the color of the stain on the beams?

input: how high is the first shelf from the counter, and then how far apart are the remaining two shelves from each other?
target: curious about faucet and shelf heights . what's the approx height of the faucet? how high is the first shelf from the counter, and then how far apart are the remaining two shelves from each other? also, how deep are the shelves? i love the look you designed here, and know some of the magic is in the execution of the spacing and depth. any advice / insight you have would be appreciated. thank you!
output: distance from counter to shelf. how high is the first shelf from the counter, and then how far apart are the remaining two shelves from each other? is there another aisle on the other side?

input: hi, which color richlite did you use?
target: richlite color . hi, which color richlite did you use? i see on their website grey’s harbor and slate, they could both be the one you used. thanks!
output: floors, countertop and ceiling color. hi, which color richlite did you use? thanks!

input: did you use honed or a leather finish?
target: countertop . beautiful project! what is the countertop material? did you use honed or a leather finish?
output: countertop. beautiful project! what is the countertop material? did you use honed or a leather finish?

input: can you tell me about the open shelving?
target: open shelving on brackets . can you tell me about the open shelving? where purchased?
output: open shelving on brackets. can you tell me about the open shelving? where purchased?

input: could you please tell me what the flooring is and where it came from.
target: beautiful flooring. could you please tell me what the flooring is and where it came from. thank you.
output: flooring. could you please tell me what the flooring is and where it came from. thanks.

input: what material is vent hood?
target: venthood . what material is vent hood? was it custom made?
output: venthood. what material is vent hood? was it custom built?

input: wood species, manufacturer, and finish?
target: beautiful kitchen! i would love to know about the cabinetry. wood species, manufacturer, and finish? they have a beautiful aged tone. are they topped with soapstone?
output: flooring. i love this flooring! what finish, manufacturer, and finish? what finish is it?

input: where can i buy the willow gray paint?
target: beautiful kitchen . where can i buy the willow gray paint? i live in lehigh, florida
output: i like the willow gray paint. where can i buy the willow gray paint? i live in lehigh, florida.

input: would i be able to have a copy this photo?
target: would i be able to have a copy this photo? i would like to blow this picture up to use it as a mural. please advise and thank you!
output: would i be able to have a copy this photo? i would like to blow this picture up to use it as a mural. please advise and thank you!

input: what is the name of the stone and what stone is it.
target: love the kitchen! what is the stone on the center island. what is the name of the stone and what stone is it. thank you
output: love the kitchen and the chairs. what is the name of the stone and what stone is it. thank you.

input: does anyone know who made them, and what wood they are?
target: what brand and material are the cabinets? these are really attractive cabinets and handles. does anyone know who made them, and what wood they are? thank you!
output: what brand and material are the cabinets? these are really attractive cabinets and handles. does anyone know who made them, and what wood they are?

input: i'm trying to figure out why i like these color cabinets more then all the other grey cabinets i keep on seeing.
target: cabinets color . i'm trying to figure out why i like these color cabinets more then all the other grey cabinets i keep on seeing. it's much richer and deeper. is it because the yellow lighting? the coloring in the picture? is the color itself so rich?
output: cabinets color. i'm trying to figure out why i like these color cabinets more then all the other grey cabinets i keep on seeing. it's much richer and deeper. is it because the yellow lighting? any color mentioned?

input: where were the bar chairs purchased?
target: bar chairs . where were the bar chairs purchased? thank you
output: bar chairs. where were the bar chairs purchased? thank you.

input: is it merely the insert and you just didn't cover it?
target: vent a hood . i love this look and have searched high and low. what brand did you use for this kitchen? is it merely the insert and you just didn't cover it? this is one of my favorite kitchens. great work!
output: insert. is it merely the insert and you just didn't cover it? this kitchen is stunning!

input: forgive me but how does the painting of cabinets work ?
target: painted cabinets . hi leslie! forgive me but how does the painting of cabinets work ? is it done by a cabinet maker? is there a special coating on them? thank you! beautiful job on this kitchen!!
output: painted cabinets. hi leslie! forgive me but how does the painting of cabinets work? is it done by a cabinet maker? is there a product name? thank you!

input: what did you use for the floor?
target: great design! what did you use for the floor? what did you use for the floor? a wonderful kitchen.
output: floor. what did you use for the floor? what is the stain color? thanks!

input: what is the name of the paint color on the walls?
target: paint . what is the name of the paint color on the walls? thank you
output: paint color. what is the name of the paint color on the walls? thank you

input: do you know if this hood was a stock item or custom made?
target: stainless steel hood . i have been looking for a simple hood like this one without having it custom made with the insert. do you know if this hood was a stock item or custom made? thank you.
output: hood. do you know if this hood was a stock item or custom made? or custom made? thanks!

input: what's the size of the island 4x8 or bigger?
target: island size . beautiful design! what's the size of the island 4x8 or bigger? the slab size and island cabinet. looks like you have a 1ft or so overhang for the chairs. thank you
output: island size. beautiful design! what's the size of the island 4x8 or bigger? what's the size of the island 4x8 or bigger?

input: backsplash, by your expert opinion would this color cabinet go with the sea pearl quartzite?
target: gorgeous kitchen . love this kitchen! could you please tell me the cabinet color name/brand andamp. the finish of it. im remodeling in a couple of weeks, i purchased sea pearl quartzite for the counter tops andamp. backsplash, by your expert opinion would this color cabinet go with the sea pearl quartzite?
output: love the cabinet color. backsplash, by your expert opinion would this color cabinet go with the sea pearl quartzite? and, i am considering redoing my kitchen and would like to use more gray tile. thank you!

input: what is the backsplash tile?
target: backsplash. this kitchen makes me swoon! what is the backsplash tile?
output: backsplash. this kitchen makes me swoon! what is the backsplash tile?

input: who makes the cabinet pulls?
target: new kitchen . who makes the cabinet pulls? fantastic kitchen. ty for sharing.
output: cabinet pulls. who makes the cabinet pulls? very nice!

input: i was hoping you could tell me what the dimensions of this island are?
target: island dimensions . i was hoping you could tell me what the dimensions of this island are? thanks so much. this is my dream kitchen!
output: dimensions of this island. i was hoping you could tell me what the dimensions of this island are? thanks!

input: could you please tell me the dimensions of this kitchen and the window size.
target: this kitchen is beautiful! could you please tell me the dimensions of this kitchen and the window size. thank you!
output: dimensions. could you please tell me the dimensions of this kitchen and the window size. thanks.

input: what is the cabinet and wall color, please?
target: this kitchen sings! what is the cabinet and wall color, please? is it semigloss? did you do a stainless sink? i would love to see additional photos of this home. beautiful work. thank you for your responsiveness to questions.
output: this kitchen is amazing! what is the cabinet and wall color, please? i would like to know the cabinet color. this kitchen is amazing. what is the cabinet and wall color, please?

input: what is upper cabinet height / ceiling height ?
target: height . what is upper cabinet height / ceiling height ? beautiful job ! thanks for your response
output: height. what is upper cabinet height/ceiling height? beautiful kitchen!

input: who makes it?
target: range hood? look the look. who makes it?
output: love the lantern. who makes it? thanks!

input: who makes the cabinet hardware.
target: handles . who makes the cabinet hardware. love those handles!
output: cabinet hardware. who makes the cabinet hardware. love the cabinet hardware.

input: what material did you use for kitchen counters, andamp.
target: kitchen surfaces . i also live in davis, with our hard water. what material did you use for kitchen counters, andamp. how does it stand up to hard water, berry juice, etc.
output: kitchen surfaces. i also live in davis, with our hard water. what material did you use for kitchen counters, andamp. how does it stand up to hard water, berry juice, etc.

input: curious how you like the rubio monocoat, we have it on our new construction and it’s terrible.
target: rubio monocoat? curious how you like the rubio monocoat, we have it on our new construction and it’s terrible. i hate it!
output: rubio monocoat? curious how you like the rubio monocoat, we have it on our new construction and it’s terrible. i hate it!

input: what is the wood and stain color?
target: this is a beautiful kitchen! what is the wood and stain color? thanks
output: this is a beautiful kitchen! what is the wood and stain color? thanks

input: what are those lovely tiles you used on the island?
target: tiles along the island! what are those lovely tiles you used on the island? i really like the graphic design!
output: tiles along the island! what are those lovely tiles you used on the island? i would like to know the material you used on the island if it is possible to use stain backs with stain before it is added? thank you!

input: what was the inspiration behind it?
target: inspiration . love this room! what was the inspiration behind it?
output: inspiration. love this room! what was the inspiration behind it?

input: would love to know the source of these shelves!
target: are the shelves custom built or ordered? i'm trying to design a similar pantry and debating between cabinetry without doors versus custom shelving, or another option! would love to know the source of these shelves! beautiful!
output: are the shelves custom built or ordered? would love to know the source of these shelves! what is the material?

input: can you please share the dimensions?
target: great pantry . great pantry! can you please share the dimensions? thanks!
output: dimensions. great pantry! can you please share the dimensions?

input: where did they get the artwork hanging on the wall.
target: artwork . where did they get the artwork hanging on the wall. gorgeous!
output: artwork. where did they get the artwork hanging on the wall. thanks

input: i have been desperately searching for someone who can make this exactly!
target: hanging metal shelves . can you tell me who fabricated the hanging metal shelves for you? i have been desperately searching for someone who can make this exactly! thanks so much for your help
output: need assistance with appliances. i am looking for someone who can make this exactly! thanks!

input: where are they from/brand?
target: love these cup pulls and knobs. where are they from/brand? and finish?
output: love these cup pulls and knobs. where are they from/brand? and finish?

input: i love how these are proportioned with the range hood.
target: classy and elegant. love it! what size are the corbels under range hood? what are the dimensions of the range hood corbels? i'm having difficulty deciding on the size needed for our custom range hood. i love how these are proportioned with the range hood.
output: classy and elegant. love it! what is the height of the range hood? what is the dimension of the range hood? i love how these are proportioned with the range hood.

input: where are the outlets?
target: outlets . where are the outlets? hidden?
output: outlets. where are the outlets? hidden?

input: what are the countertops?
target: countertops? warm and rich kitchen. what are the countertops? thank you.
output: what are the countertops? thank you! countertops?

input: where are the stools and rugs from?
target: love this kitchen. where are the stools and rugs from? thanks!
output: love this kitchen. where are the stools and rugs from? thanks!

input: any chance of knowing where you found it?
target: lighting!! i can't believe no one has asked about the lighting over the island! beautiful! any chance of knowing where you found it? antique?
output: lighting! ! i can't believe no one has asked about the lighting over the island! any chance of knowing where you found it?

input: what color white are the cabinets?
target: dreamy kitchen . what color white are the cabinets? and what color are the knobs? love your attention to detail
output: what color white are the cabinets? i have white backsplash and i want to go in an image similar to this. thank you.

input: can you please share the paint color and the crown molding color.thank u
target: paint color . very nice kitchen! can you please share the paint color and the crown molding color.thank u
output: paint color. very nice kitchen! can you please share the paint color and the crown molding color. thank u

input: would you share cabinet color?
target: love this! would you share cabinet color? thank you!
output: would you share cabinet color? thank you. it is beautiful.

input: this format looks similar to what i was considering.
target: width of kitchen . hi just wondering if you could tell me the width of the kitchen or the spacing on each side of the island. this format looks similar to what i was considering. thanks!
output: width of kitchen. hi, i'm designing a similar kitchen. this format looks similar to what i was considering. thanks!

input: where did you find the light fixtures?
target: great kitchen! where did you find the light fixtures? they are beautiful!
output: great kitchen! where did you find the light fixtures? they are beautiful!

input: can you please tell me the manufacturer and style?
target: cabinets? hi, i love these cabinets! can you please tell me the manufacturer and style? thanks so much!
output: cabinets. i love these cabinets. can you please tell me the manufacturer and style?

input: and can you tell me what size/grout color/gloss/ceramic/etc?
target: where did you purchase the tile? and can you tell me what size/grout color/gloss/ceramic/etc? it's beautiful!
output: backsplash tile. and can you tell me what size/grout color/gloss/ceramic/etc? it's beautiful!

input: the matte wood protector you used… is it a poly?
target: what is the finish and thickness of the walnut? we are about to undergo a kitchen reno this summer and your kitchen is our inspiration! we love the warm wood accents, hood design and white cabinets . amazing work! we went to look at reclaimed lumber yesterday and plan to use walnut as well. when it is oiled it gets quite dark. the matte wood protector you used… is it a poly? can you share the product name? is that all you used to treat the wood? if you could share a bit about that process and product, i would greatly appreciate it,. thank you!
output: matte wood protector you used…is it a poly? the matte wood protector you used…is it a poly? is it durable? what is the finish?

input: what type of hood did you use?
target: hood? what type of hood did you use? is it an under cabinet hood? thanks
output: hood. what type of hood did you use? is is stainless? color? thanks

input: could you please explain/expand on the process for how you obtained the color and matte finish?
target: island countertop color and process . could you please explain/expand on the process for how you obtained the color and matte finish? stain color/product names more than welcome. thanks for posting this brilliant kitchen
output: countertop color and process. could you please explain/expand on the process for how you obtained the color and matte finish? stain color/product names more than welcome. thanks for your help

input: i saw you used pental quartz.which color?
target: color of pental? i love this kitchen! i saw you used pental quartz.which color? thanks.
output: color of pental? i love this kitchen! i saw you used pental quartz. which color? thanks.

input: i am trying to decide on a stainless or enamel 33 inch sink0 i see yours and wonder what you picked and if you are pleased or would you suggest enamel.
target: i am updating my kitchen . i am trying to decide on a stainless or enamel 33 inch sink0 i see yours and wonder what you picked and if you are pleased or would you suggest enamel. is it worth the money? thanks gina
output: i am updating my kitchen. i am trying to decide on a stainless or enamel 33 inch sink0 i see yours and wonder what you picked and if you are pleased or would you suggest enamel. is it worth the money? thanks gina

input: what are the dimensions of the island?
target: what are the dimensions of the island? i love the look and it appears to fit the space i am working with in my kitchen. thanks!
output: love this! what are the dimensions of the island? thanks.

input: would you share where you sourced the walnut island top from?
target: walnut island top. lovely work! would you share where you sourced the walnut island top from? and, the thickness? much thanks in advance for reply!
output: walnut island top. lovely work! would you share where you sourced the walnut island top from? and, the thickness? thank you!

input: who makes them?
target: pendents . who makes them? thanks
output: pendents. who makes them? thanks

input: could you please share the manufacturer?
target: i love that wine fridge! could you please share the manufacturer? i love that wine fridge! could you please share the manufacturer?
output: i love the wine fridge. could you please share the manufacturer? thank you!

input: could you share the dimensions of the tall upper cabinet unit on the right?
target: size of upper cabinets to the right . could you share the dimensions of the tall upper cabinet unit on the right? i’m considering something similar. thank you!
output: dimensions of upper cabinet unit. could you share the dimensions of the tall upper cabinet unit on the right? it's beautiful! thank you.

input: i'm working with a cabinet maker who is looking to source similar doors.
target: rails and stiles . i love the rails and stiles used on the door faces. i'm working with a cabinet maker who is looking to source similar doors. would you mind sharing where you were able to obtain them?
output: rails and stiles. i love the rails and stiles used on the door faces. i'm working with a cabinet maker who is looking to source similar doors. would you mind sharing where you were able to obtain them?

input: can you tell me where they are from?
target: backsplash . i love the backsplash tiles. can you tell me where they are from?
output: light fixtures. love the light fixtures above the island. can you tell me where they are from?

input: they are really beautiful and different wood?
target: can you tell me about the floors? they are really beautiful and different wood? laminate? color? finish?
output: can you please tell me the stain on the cabinets? they are really beautiful and different wood? also, what is the stain on the cabinets?

input: what finish are your fixtures (sink) and cabinet hardware?
target: fixtures and hardware . what finish are your fixtures (sink) and cabinet hardware? thanks!
output: fixtures and hardware. what finish are your fixtures(sink) and cabinet hardware? thanks!

input: and the entire square footage of the home?
target: kitchen size . what size is the kitchen ? and the entire square footage of the home?
output: kitchen size. what is the size of this kitchen? and the entire square footage of the home?

input: can you please tell me the make and colour of the hardwood?
target: what is the beautiful flooring . can you please tell me the make and colour of the hardwood? thank you
output: flooring. can you please tell me the make and colour of the hardwood? is it a natural beech? or beech? thank you.

input: do you by chance remember it’s name/color?
target: hi again.found backsplash tile tag but . found the backsplash tile tag but can’t tell which tile this is on their website. do you by chance remember it’s name/color?
output: this kitchen is amazing! i love everything about this kitchen. do you by chance remember it’s name/color? thanks!

input: would you please provide the manufacturer of these pendants .
target: pendants . would you please provide the manufacturer of these pendants . thank you!
output: pendants. would you please provide the manufacturer of these pendants. thank you!

input: can it be made as a pull out instead of sliding?
target: love the door. can it be made as a pull out instead of sliding? due to space limitations, i need it a a pull out with the rustic look hardward.
output: love the door. can it be made as a pull out instead of sliding? due to space limitations, i need it a a pull out with the rustic look hardward.

input: can you tell me what type of wood/color and tile?
target: love the tile and wood floor . can you tell me what type of wood/color and tile? thank you.
output: i love this kitchen. can you tell me what type of wood/color and tile? thank you.

input: also i have located the wood for the shelving but any recommendations on where to find the hardware for them?
target: hardware . could you please share the hardware for the cabinets. also i have located the wood for the shelving but any recommendations on where to find the hardware for them?
output: hardware. can you please share the hardware for the cabinets. also i have located the wood for the shelving but any recommendations on where to find the hardware for them?

input: please tell me where i can purchase the bar stools?
target: bar stools . please tell me where i can purchase the bar stools? thanks
output: bar stools. please tell me where i can purchase the bar stools? thank you

input: i am also interested in the pendants but am wondering if there are other fixtures in the collection?
target: pendants . i am also interested in the pendants but am wondering if there are other fixtures in the collection? i'm doing a kitchen w/ eat in dining area, as well as nook.
output: i am also interested in the pendants but am wondering if there are other fixtures in the collection? i am doing a kitchen w/eat in dining area, and would like to have a led strip for seating. thank you in advance!

input: where could i get this exact chair?
target: who makes the dining chairs? i love the dining room chairs. where could i get this exact chair?
output: who makes the dining chairs? i love the dining room chairs. where could i get this exact chair?

input: could you provide the brand and shade?
target: love the cabinet color . this entire kitchen is fantastic! i am in love with the cabinet color used. could you provide the brand and shade? thank you.
output: love the cabinet color. this entire kitchen is fantastic! i am in love with the cabinet color used. could you provide the brand and shade? thank you.

input: what cabinetry line did you use?
target: absolutely gorgeous kitchen. what cabinetry line did you use? love the curved muntins. great door style.
output: absolutely gorgeous kitchen. what cabinetry line did you use? love the curved muntins. great door style.

input: can you share source and color of tile?
target: tile source . can you share source and color of tile? thanks
output: tile source. can you share source and color of tile? thanks

input: can you tell me what material/brand/color the blue backsplash tiles are?
target: blue tile backsplash . i love this kitchen. can you tell me what material/brand/color the blue backsplash tiles are?
output: backsplash tile. can you tell me what material/brand/color the blue backsplash tiles are? and what is the color/name?

input: what type of wood flooring was used here?
target: wood floor/beams . what type of wood flooring was used here? brand/type/stain? looks so beautiful! did they match the beams?
output: wood floor/beams. what type of wood flooring was used here? what is the stain color? red oak? red oak?

input: height and depth of shelves?
target: height and depth of shelves? i'd love to figure out the placement and depth of these over the counter shelves. thanks!
output: height and depth of shelves? i'd love to figure out the placement and depth of these over the counter shelves. thanks!

input: anyone know or what type wood
target: cabinet stain and material . i never saw an answer about cabinet stain. anyone know or what type wood
output: cabinets. i never see an answer on the front of this kitchen. anyone know or what type wood

input: how deep are they (*coming down from the ceiling?)
target: love the beams. could you provide the dimensions of the beams? how deep are they (*coming down from the ceiling?) how wide? thank you for posting. lovely room.
output: love the beams. could you provide the dimensions of the beams? how deep are they(* coming down from the ceiling? ) how wide? thank you for posting. lovely room.

input: could you please provide me with the name of the cabinet manufacturer along with the style and stain color.
target: cabinet question . could you please provide me with the name of the cabinet manufacturer along with the style and stain color. they are beautiful!
output: cabinet question. could you please provide me with the name of the cabinet manufacturer along with the style and stain color. they are beautiful!

input: are these real wood beams?
target: are these real wood beams? faux? color? are these real wood beams? faux? color? where were they purchased?
output: are these real wood beams? faux? color? are these real wood beams? faux? color? where did you get them?

input: what wood floors did you use?
target: wood floors? love the design! what wood floors did you use?
output: wood floors? love the design! what wood floors did you use?

input: what color did you use for the islands please?
target: what color are these beautiful blue islands? what color did you use for the islands please? thank you!
output: what color are these beautiful blue islands? what color did you use for the islands please? i would like to know the cabinet color. thank you!

input: where can they be found?
target: glass island pendants . love the glass pendants over the island. where can they be found?
output: glass island pendants. who makes these lights? where can they be found?

input: did you have to make the island cabinets shorter than the perimeter cabinets bc of the thicker island counter top?
target: island height? did you have to make the island cabinets shorter than the perimeter cabinets bc of the thicker island counter top? so it would all be the same height?
output: island dimensions? did you have to make the island cabinets shorter than the perimeter cabinets bc of the thicker island counter top? so it would all be the same height?

input: where are the shelf brackets from?
target: gorgeous kitchen. where are the shelf brackets from? gorgeous kitchen. where are the shelf brackets from?
output: where are the shelf brackets from? beautiful kitchen. i have a client that loves the small brackets, and i'm looking for something just like that. thank you.

input: could you please share manufacturer of the backsplash tile .
target: could you please share manufacturer of the backsplash tile . love the backsplash tile . could you please tell me who makes it? thank you!
output: backsplash tile. could you please share manufacturer of the backsplash tile. love it!

input: can you please tell me the manufacturer of the range hood?
target: range hood . can you please tell me the manufacturer of the range hood? it's beautiful.
output: range hood. can you please tell me the manufacturer of the range hood? it's beautiful. thanks.

input: please advise what brand you used if it's something other than a standard outlet.
target: electrical outlets . where did you put the electrical outlets? please advise what brand you used if it's something other than a standard outlet. thanks
output: electrical outlets. where did you put the electrical outlets? please advise what brand you used if it's something other than a standard outlet. thanks

input: and.how much counter space is there on each side of the cooktop?
target: cooktop . how deep is the counter that the cooktop is in/on? and.how much counter space is there on each side of the cooktop?
output: cooktop. how deep is the counter that the cooktop is in/on? and. how much counter space is there on each side of the cooktop?

input: what color is it?
target: the sink is out of the shot. what color is it? farmhouse or under moun
output: the sink is out of the shot. what color is it? farmhouse or under moun

input: can you tell me the height between the counter and the bottom of the 1st floating shelf, the height between the first and the floating shelf, and how high the hood is above the stove?
target: love the floating shelves . can you tell me the height between the counter and the bottom of the 1st floating shelf, the height between the first and the floating shelf, and how high the hood is above the stove? are the shelves walnut? thanks
output: love the floating shelves. can you tell me the height between the counter and the bottom of the 1st floating shelf, the height between the first and the floating shelf, and how high the hood is above the stove? are the shelves walnut? thanks

input: what's the brand/name of the tile?
target: tile . what's the brand/name of the tile? we're in the design phase of a kitchen remodel.
output: tile. what's the brand/name of the tile? we're in the design phase of a kitchen remodel.

input: can you please tell me what the minimum distance between the island and the perimeter cabinetry should be?
target: love your layout, what is needed aisle dimension? i love your beautiful kitchen and also the seamless integration with surrounding areas. can you please tell me what the minimum distance between the island and the perimeter cabinetry should be? i would like to consider a similar layout but don't have quite as much space. thank you so much for sharing!
output: love your layout, what is needed aisle dimension? i love your beautiful kitchen and also the seamless integration with surrounding areas. can you please tell me what the minimum distance between the island and the perimeter cabinetry should be? i would like to consider a similar layout but don't have quite as much space. thank you in advance!

input: it is hard to tell if the cabinet white matches the trim white and the wall color?
target: love the cabinet color. what color white is it? it is hard to tell if the cabinet white matches the trim white and the wall color? or is the wall color non white? thanks! love this kitchen!
output: love the cabinet color. what is the cabinet white matches the trim white and the wall color? it is hard to tell if the cabinet white matches the trim white and the wall color? or is there another option? i love this kitchen. thank you for your help!

input: island color?
target: island color? flooring? i would love to know the color of this island and also the flooring!
output: island color? flooring? i would love to know the color of this room, if you could share it. thanks!

input: is the color you used smoke by any chance?
target: color of backsplash tiles? i am about to pick sonoma tiles to go with my taj mahal countertops. is the color you used smoke by any chance? my other option is edge comb. having a hard time choosing just the right amount of color!
output: is the color you used smoke by any chance? smoke by any chance? it's beautiful

input: can you tell me where you found this table?
target: table . can you tell me where you found this table? is it an antique or custom made? i'm looking for something similar i love it!
output: table. can you tell me where you found this table? is it an antique or custom made? what is the finish?

input: what is the brand/name of that backsplash?
target: backsplash name? what is the brand/name of that backsplash? gorgeous!
output: backsplash name? what is the brand/name of that backsplash? this kitchen is gorgeous!

input: could you please tell me the manufacturer of them?
target: great counter stools!! could you please tell me the manufacturer of them? thanks!
output: great counter stools! could you please tell me the manufacturer of them? thanks!

input: any chance the color was misnamed?
target: the color mentioned is evening dove. i have the bm deck and the color is very different. actually a charcoal grey. any chance the color was misnamed?
output: the color mentioned is evening dove. i have the bm deck and the color is very different. actually a charcoal grey. any chance the color was misnamed?

input: can you tell me where they can be purchased?
target: bar stools . i love the stools. can you tell me where they can be purchased?
output: cabinets. i am in love with these cabinets. can you tell me where they can be purchased?

input: over a small island do you think you could use just one alone?
target: pendant lights . who makes these gorgeous pendant lights? over a small island do you think you could use just one alone?
output: over a small island do you think you could use just one alone? i would like to know the exact number of these in your kitchen. this is my dream kitchen!

input: can you tell me what stain you used on the floors?
target: can you tell me what stain you used on the floors? thanks! stain color
output: can you tell me what stain you used on the floors? thanks! stain color

input: do the doors open with a center hinge and hide a lazy susan or??
target: how is the blind corner handled? do the doors open with a center hinge and hide a lazy susan or?? beautiful cabinets!
output: how is the blind corner handled? do the doors open with a center hinge and hide a lazy susan or? ? beautiful cabinets!

input: could you share the details of the paint/stain/brand used?
target: cabinet door brand/color? i love the gray cabinet color. could you share the details of the paint/stain/brand used?
output: cabinet door brand/color? i love the gray cabinet color. could you share the details of the paint/stain/brand used?

input: could you please share?
target: counter top and back splash material and brand . very pretty! could you please share?
output: counter top and back splash material and brand. very pretty! could you please share?

input: can you please share the paint color used here and in the butler's pantry?
target: color. can you please share the paint color used here and in the butler's pantry? also, could you share any info on the lighting and hardware? thank you!
output: paint color. can you please share the paint color used here and in the butler's pantry? also, what is the paint color used in the pantry? thank you.

input: could you share with me the measurements of the bench, not including the cushion?
target: banquette bench . hello kimberley, i am considering getting a built in banquette. could you share with me the measurements of the bench, not including the cushion? only the height and width(surface area).
output: banquette bench. hello kimberley, i am considering getting a built in banquette. could you share with me the measurements of the bench, not including the cushion? only the height and width(surface area) .

input: considering schist counter and curious how they have held up?
target: considering schist counter and curious how they have held up? i love marble but hate the staining and maintenance. how has the schist held up to staining etc?
output: considering schist counter and curious how they have held up? i love marble but hate the staining and maintenance. how has the schist held up to staining etc?

input: where did you purchase your slate floor?
target: where did you purchase your slate floor? we are building our retirement home in nc and i would love to buy those floors for our laundry room, foyer and kitchen! i would like to purchase from the supplier you got yours through. thank you so much. your home is lovely,
output: where did you purchase your slate floor? we are building and i would like to purchase the same floor as our our kitchen, we are planning to use this floor. thank you.

input: does it need to be sealed and re.sealed?
target: flooring questions . i want to put black slate flooring in our high traffic dining and kitchen areas, but i am not sure of the installation/maintenance. does it need to be sealed and re.sealed? what did you use for grout? can you share where you bought it? did you use a pattern? some have discouraged me that it cracks easily and is difficult to repair.
output: flooring questions. what is the flooring? does it need to be sealed and re. sealed? what is the material?

input: would you know the length and width of the new space?
target: room dimensions . would you know the length and width of the new space? we are thinking of something similar. thank you!
output: room dimensions. would you know the length and width of the new space? this space is stunning!

input: i love the neutral is it limestone like counters?
target: love the look and flow . can you tell me with the flooring is? i love the neutral is it limestone like counters?
output: love the look and flow. can you tell me with the flooring is? i love the neutral is it limestone like counters?

input: would you please tell me where i might find these?
target: lighting . i have a 17’ long island. i love the scale of your lighting over your larg island. would you please tell me where i might find these?
output: lighting. i have a 17’long island. i love the scale of your lighting over your larg island. would you please tell me where i might find these?

input: what is the countertop material used here?
target: countertop . loved the redesign on this kitchen! we are remodeling a home and wanted to do black countertops in the kitchen. what is the countertop material used here? thank you
output: countertop. what is the countertop material used here? thank you

input: can you tell me where these beautiful pendants are from?
target: pendants.beautiful! can you tell me where these beautiful pendants are from? they are beautiful! overall this house is gorgeous!
output: pendants. can you tell me where these beautiful pendants are from? thanks

input: what is the finish on these cabinets?
target: love cabinets. where are they from . what is the finish on these cabinets?
output: cabinets. what is the finish on these cabinets? they are beautiful!

input: could you please tell me the kind of flooring used and its color?
target: doing a similar white kitchen . elegant! could you please tell me the kind of flooring used and its color? thank you!
output: doing a similar white kitchen. elegant! could you please tell me the kind of flooring used and its color? thank you

input: wondering how high cabinets are?
target: my new chalet . love your crown/ceiling detail . wondering how high cabinets are?
output: my new chalet. love your crown/ceiling detail. wondering how high cabinets are?

input: do you know the size of the island?
target: beautiful! do you know the size of the island? thank you.
output: beautiful! do you know the size of the island? thank you.

input: what is the name and type of counter?
target: kitchen island . what is the name and type of counter? thanks!
output: kitchen island. what is the name and type of counter? thanks!

input: colour of the white uppers?
target: colour of the white uppers? and walls behind? i love this kitchen.
output: colour of the white uppers? and walls behind? i love this kitchen.

input: need info about where to buy the faucet
target: can you help? love the faucet. where can you direct me? thx . need info about where to buy the faucet
output: faucet. need info about where to buy the faucet

input: can you tell me the manufacturer or where i could purchase it.
target: i love the sink. can you tell me the manufacturer or where i could purchase it. i did my kitchen 5 years ago and want to change the sink. thank you.
output: i love the sink. can you tell me the manufacturer or where i could purchase it. thank you

input: could i have the details of your subway tile as well as grout color?
target: subway tile brand, color and size . could i have the details of your subway tile as well as grout color? i love this kitchen!
output: subway tile brand, color and size. could i have the details of your subway tile as well as grout color? i love this kitchen!

input: love the hood, where is it from?
target: stove hood . love the hood, where is it from? is it copper?
output: love the hood, where is it from? is it copper?

input: is it a 36" or 48" and what is the brand?
target: my wife's question . so blown away forgot, can you tell us about the stove. is it a 36" or 48" and what is the brand? i think your home is an award winner.
output: my wife's question. so blown away forgot, can you tell us about the stove? is it a 36" or 48" and what is the brand? i am in minnesota and would have loved to use this same layout but don't have the time to get information on the stove. thanks!

input: i really like this style, don't know what you would call it, but it seems to me and my wife a mix of ranch/rustic/contemporary.
target: very smooth interior design mix. i really like this style, don't know what you would call it, but it seems to me and my wife a mix of ranch/rustic/contemporary. i love the flow from the kitchen to high fireplace, love the different stone, i love the ranch mix (deer head, rustic furniture, etc) and could get my wife to accept it because its not over the top. you really have a unique interior design, have not seen it before.
output: does the ranch sink hold water water? i really like this style, don't know what you would call it, but it seems to me and my wife a mix of ranch/rustic/contemporary. i love the flow of the room, and it seems to me and my wife a mix of ranch/rustic/contemporary. i love the flow of the room, and it seems to me and

input: also, can you tell me the size of the island and the space between the island and the counter?
target: kitchen size and island size . this space looks very similar to the space i am building. what is the size of this kitchen length and width? also, can you tell me the size of the island and the space between the island and the counter? thank you so much. it is a beautiful kitchen!
output: size of the island. this is a beautiful space. what is the size of the island? also, can you tell me the size of the island and the space between the island and the counter? thank you.

input: what window and door manufacturer was used?
target: what window and door manufacturer was used? what window andamp. door manufacturer was used?
output: what window and door manufacturer was used? what window andamp. door manufacturer was used?

input: what material did you use for the counters?
target: countertop materials . so pretty! what material did you use for the counters?
output: countertop materials. what material did you use for the counters? thank you

input: where are these beautiful pendants from?
target: where are these beautiful pendants from? and what is the material. thank you!
output: where are these beautiful pendants from? and what is the material. thank you.

input: what color did you use??
target: cabinet paint color . what color did you use?? love the tone!
output: cabinet paint color. what color did you use? ? it is beautiful.

input: have you had any staining issues with the shanxi black granite floor?
target: any staining issues on floor? have you had any staining issues with the shanxi black granite floor? i installed it in a bathroom sealed it four times and am having staining spots. what did you seal with? thanks!
output: any staining issues on floor? have you had any staining issues with the shanxi black granite floor? i am having a hard time deciding on staining if i should stain the floor with a color that will not stain the floor. what is the stain color used? thank you!

input: what is their source?
target: lights . i love these 2 hanging lights. what is their source?
output: lights. i love these 2 hanging lights. what is their source?

input: how long is the longest portion of the table (with the 2 stools) where did you get the stools.
target: would love to copy this island . where can i find a pedestal like the one in the picture? how long is shortest part of the table? how long is the longest portion of the table (with the 2 stools) where did you get the stools. thanks so much for answering all my questions!
output: would love to copy this island. where can i find a pedestal like the one in the picture? how long is shortest part of the table? how long is the longest portion of the table(with the 2 stools) where did you get the stools. thanks

input: what is the brand and color of laminate used please?
target: what is the brand and color of laminate used please? love the cabinets! what is the brand and color of the laminate? thank you
output: what is the brand and color of laminate used please? love the cabinets! what is the brand and color of the laminate? thank you

input: where can i buy those pictures??
target: pictures . where can i buy those pictures?? the wooden frame black with asparagus.
output: pictures. where can i buy those pictures? ? the wooden frame black with asparagus.

input: who is manufacturer of lantern light ?
target: lantern light above table . who is manufacturer of lantern light ? where to buy ?
output: lantern light above table. who is manufacturer of lantern light? where to buy?

input: where can i get them?
target: wall pictures . love! where can i get them?
output: counter stools? who is the manufacturer? where can i get them?

input: any ideas of where i can find this table?
target: table! any ideas of where i can find this table? please/thanks!
output: table! any ideas of where i can find this table? please/thanks!

input: where can i purchase that table?
target: great room! where can i purchase that table? thanks.
output: great room! where can i purchase that table? thanks.

input: would you be able to tell me the name of the kitchen back splash tile?
target: backsplash tile . would you be able to tell me the name of the kitchen back splash tile? it's stunning! thank you.
output: backsplash tile. would you be able to tell me the name of the kitchen back splash tile? it's stunning! thank you.

input: is this a zephyr range hood?
target: is this a zephyr range hood? if not, will you share the manufacturer. i need a hood rather quickly!
output: is this a zephyr range hood? if not, will you share the manufacturer. i need a hood rather quickly!

input: how and where are the electrical outlets or switches.is there any in the tile?
target: electrical outlets . beautiful backsplash. how and where are the electrical outlets or switches.is there any in the tile?
output: electrical outlets. beautiful backsplash. how and where are the electrical outlets or switches. is there any in the tile?

input: what are the dimensions of this kitchen?
target: what are the dimensions of this kitchen? width and depth and height? looking to find out the dimensions of the windows and of the room. i love the chi and light that comes through this kitchen! fabulous job!
output: dimensions. what are the dimensions of this kitchen? it is beautiful. also, where is the fridge located?

input: can you tell me floor brand and color?
target: can you tell me floor brand and color? also, color on cabinets. love everything about this space.
output: floors. can you tell me floor brand and color? also, what is the stain color?

input: why doesn't there have to be a hood.it looks great without one!
target: how come there is no range hood? is this a downdraft gas range? why doesn't there have to be a hood.it looks great without one!
output: why doesn't there have to be a hood. it looks great without one!

input: 2 window shades shown here are gorgeous!
target: love the shades! where can i buy them or the fabric? 2 window shades shown here are gorgeous! am looking for similar fabric or shades for my house. please help!
output: love the shades! where can i buy them or the fabric? 2 window shades shown here are gorgeous! am looking for similar fabric or shades for my house. please help!

input: is the countertop wormy chestnut?
target: beautiful. is the countertop wormy chestnut? what are the floors?
output: beautiful. is the countertop wormy chestnut? what is the flooring?

input: can you tell me what color the cabinets are?
target: can you tell me the cabinet color please? can you tell me what color the cabinets are? i am putting this exact kitchen and struggling with cabinet color. this color works beautifully!!
output: can you tell me what color the cabinets are? i am putting in alder cabinets and i want to match. this color works beautifully!

input: what kind of wood is the countertop and what finish.
target: countertop . what kind of wood is the countertop and what finish. thanks
output: countertop. what kind of wood is the countertop and what finish. thanks

input: could you please tell me the color and brand of the cabinets.
target: what is the color on the cabinets? could you please tell me the color and brand of the cabinets. thanks in advance.
output: great cabinets. could you please tell me the color and brand of the cabinets. thank you.

input: i am trying to figure out what is the best layout that will give me the most counter space.
target: i am so jealous. i just love this kitchen. i'm jealous. i am in the process of starting a kitchen remodel on my tiny, tiny, ugly, kitchen . it's will be u shaped. the dimensions are 10 1/2' and the two other walls are only 7 1/2' with doors at the end of both these walls. so there is not much we can do. i am trying to figure out what is the best layout that will give me the most counter space. my contractor / designer wants to use the working triangle ( sink on one wall under window, fridge on other wall and stove on the third) but this way seems to chop up the counter space and give me corners that are not functional. i really need counter space. any suggestions? thanks, sorry for going on and on. boy do i love this kitchen. thank you.
output: i am so jealous. i just love this kitchen. i am in the process of planning a kitchen remodel. i am trying to figure out what is the best layout that will give me the most counter space. i would like to know the best layout that will give me the most counter space.

input: same at sink and opposite counter?
target: gorgeous! what is back splash tile? same at sink and opposite counter?
output: gorgeous! what is back splash tile? same at sink and opposite counter?

input: can you tell me the name of this granite?
target: can you tell me the name of this granite? love it! can you tell me the name of this granite? love it!
output: can you tell me the name of this granite? love it! can you tell me the name of this granite? love it!

input: what is the manufacturer of the range hood?
target: range hood? what is the manufacturer of the range hood? love the white w metal banding!
output: range hood? what is the manufacturer of the range hood? what type of wood, was it?

input: what's the make and model of the triple pendant over the island?
target: lights!?! what's the make and model of the triple pendant over the island? it's fantastic!
output: lights. we're in the process of designing our kitchen. what's the make and model of the triple pendant over the island? what's the make and model of the triple pendant over the island? thanks.

input: i love this kitchen and how you put the cabinet over a window!
target: kitchen dimensions? i love this kitchen and how you put the cabinet over a window! what are the room dimensions?
output: i love this kitchen and how you put the cabinet over a window! what are the dimensions of the room? i love this kitchen and how you put the cabinet over a window!

input: what is that most 'happy' shade of yellow paint on walls andamp.
target: kc kim . what is that most 'happy' shade of yellow paint on walls andamp. ceiling?
output: what is that most' happy' shade of yellow paint on walls andamp. ceiling? beautiful kitchen!

input: what can i use to remove tar that was used to apply linoleum tiles to wood floor?
target: floor . what can i use to remove tar that was used to apply linoleum tiles to wood floor? the tiles have been removed and tar is all over wood floor.
output: floor. what can i use to remove tar that was used to apply linoleum tiles to wood floor? the tiles have been removed and tar is all over wood floor. this is my dream kitchen!

input: model / make?
target: vent hood . gorgeous hood! model / make?
output: vent hood. gorgeous hood! model/make?

input: where did the cool lights come from ?
target: hanging lights . where did the cool lights come from ? thanks!
output: hanging lights. where did the cool lights come from? thanks!

input: i was wondering if you could tell me the color of paint used on the island?
target: island paint color . hello, this is an absolutely gorgeous kitchen. i was wondering if you could tell me the color of paint used on the island? thank you in advance!
output: island paint color. hello, this is an absolutely gorgeous kitchen. i was wondering if you could tell me the color of paint used on the island? thank you in advance!

input: is that correct and does it also lead to something else?
target: doorway to. hello, gorgeous space! it looks like there's a doorway to a fridge on the right. is that correct and does it also lead to something else? thank you!
output: doorway to. hello, gorgeous space! it looks like there's a doorway to a fridge on the right. is that correct and does it also lead to something else? thank you!

input: could you please share the dimensions of the island and the kitchen?
target: great remodel. could you please share the dimensions of the island and the kitchen? looks wonderful!
output: dimensions. could you please share the dimensions of the island and the kitchen? this space looks fantastic!

input: can you please tell me where to find the 2x6 subway tile.
target: 2x6 tile backsplash . can you please tell me where to find the 2x6 subway tile. are there 3 different shade used or just 2? thank you!
output: 2x6 tile backsplash. can you please tell me where to find the 2x6 subway tile. are there 3 different shade used or just 2? thank you!

input: can you please share the island and countertop fabrication?
target: beautiful countertop! can you please share the island and countertop fabrication? gorgeous kitchen !
output: island and countertop. can you please share the island and countertop fabrication? quartz or countertops? thank you.

input: hello, i was wondering what the dimensions of the kitchen were and what the dimensions of the table were?
target: kitchen and table dimensions . hello, i was wondering what the dimensions of the kitchen were and what the dimensions of the table were? i love that table! thanks so much!
output: dimensions of the kitchen? hello, i was wondering what the dimensions of the kitchen were and what the dimensions of the table were? we absolutely love everything about this kitchen and great room! thank you for your help.

input: where to buy the kitchen cabinets?
target: where to buy the kitchen cabinets? i would like to buy the exact kitchen cabinets depicted at the picture. how can i do that? thank you.
output: where to buy the kitchen cabinets? i would like to buy the exact kitchen cabinets depicted at the picture. how can i do that? thank you.

input: where can i find this wall tile?
target: where can i find this wall tile? what is it called? thank you!
output: where can i find this wall tile? what is it called? thank you!

input: can you tell me more about the type of wood and the finish on the cabinets?
target: what kind of wood are these cabinets? what finish and stain? can you tell me more about the type of wood and the finish on the cabinets?
output: what kind of wood are these cabinets? what finish and stain? can you tell me more about the type of wood and the finish on the cabinets?

input: what inspired this design?
target: inspiration . such great use of space! what inspired this design?
output: inspiration. such great use of space! what inspired this design?

input: stain used as well as the finish to protect the wood?
target: island countertop material . beautiful kitchen. love the butcher block island top. could you please share the wood andamp. stain used as well as the finish to protect the wood? thank you.
output: island countertop material. beautiful kitchen. what is the stain color? stain used as well as the finish to protect the wood?

input: how durable is the wood surface?
target: i am wondering about the island top. wood but what kind? my husband and i are strongly considering using this idea in our kitchen. how durable is the wood surface?
output: i am wondering about the countertop. wood but what kind? my husband and i disagree on that. how durable is the wood surface?

input: is this a large awning window over the sink?
target: window w/ grilles . beautiful kitchen. could you tell me. is this a large awning window over the sink? thank you.
output: window w/grilles. beautiful kitchen! is this a large awning window over the sink?

input: we're you able to get any info on the cabinet paint and wall paint color?
target: wall paint color? great kitchen. we're you able to get any info on the cabinet paint and wall paint color?
output: wall paint color? great kitchen. we're you able to get any info on the cabinet paint and wall paint color?

input: where can i get chairs like these?
target: i like the two chairs . where can i get chairs like these? are they barstool height?
output: chairs. where can i get chairs like these? they are beautiful.

input: can you please tell me what the white countertops are?
target: can you please tell me what the white countertops are? it is a beautiful kitchen. thank you.
output: can you please tell me what the white countertops are? it is a beautiful kitchen. thank you.

input: how tall is the island and what is the overhang depth?
target: island . how tall is the island and what is the overhang depth? thanks!
output: island. how tall is the island and what is the overhang depth? thanks

input: what type of wood was used and how is the finish sealed?
target: i love the wood island countertop. what type of wood was used and how is the finish sealed? is it durable?
output: table finish. what type of wood was used and how is the finish sealed? is it durable?

input: what are the counter tops?
target: what are the counter tops? color? love the design and colors
output: what are the counter tops? color? love the design and colors

input: also, who is your source/fabricator for the gorgeous pietra cordosa in austin?
target: cabinet hardware and countertop source? hi, i love the cabinet hardware. what brand is it? also, who is your source/fabricator for the gorgeous pietra cordosa in austin?
output: cabinet hardware and countertop source? hi, i love the cabinet hardware. what is the vendor? also, who is your source/fabricator for the gorgeous pietra cordosa in austin?

input: could you please tell me the brand/maker of the cabinets?
target: cabinets and wall? hello! could you please tell me the brand/maker of the cabinets? also, what kind of wood is on the wall.pine? it's all beautiful. thanks!
output: cabinets and wall? hello! could you please tell me the brand/maker of the cabinets? also, what kind of wood is on the wall. thank you!

input: what kind of windows are these, who makes them and where can i get them?
target: windows? what kind of windows are these, who makes them and where can i get them? i presume they are double pane?
output: windows? what kind of windows are these, who makes them and where can i get them? i presume they are double pane?

input: where did you purchase the clear bar stools and what was the price?
target: where did you purchase the clear bar stools and what was the price? i have been looking for these bar stools. please help!!!
output: where did you purchase the clear bar stools and what was the price? i have been looking for these bar stools. please help! i love them!

input: can you tell me the dimensions of the island?
target: island size . can you tell me the dimensions of the island? thank you so much, michelle
output: dimensions. can you tell me the dimensions of the island? thanks

input: what is the make and model of the hood for the range?
target: love this kitchen! what is the make and model of the hood for the range? thank you in advance.
output: love this kitchen! what is the make and model of the hood for the range? thank you in advance.

input: what are the dimensions of the island?
target: what are the dimensions of the island? great space! island dimensions please?
output: love this! what are the dimensions of the island? thanks.

input: can you please tell me about the flooring, including color, and where i may be able to find it?
target: flooring . this is beautiful! everything is just stunning. can you please tell me about the flooring, including color, and where i may be able to find it?
output: flooring. this is beautiful! everything is just stunning. can you please tell me about the flooring, including color, and where i may be able to find it?

input: can you tell me where you purchased the pendant lights over the island and what finish they are?
target: island lights . beautifully designed and well thought out kitchen! can you tell me where you purchased the pendant lights over the island and what finish they are? thanks!
output: lights. can you tell me where you purchased the pendant lights over the island and what finish they are? thanks!

input: would you mind telling me what the colours are for the cabinets and walls?
target: love this! would you mind telling me what the colours are for the cabinets and walls? thankyou
output: love this! would you mind telling me what the colours are for the cabinets and walls? thank you.

input: could i get the wood species and stain on those cabinets please?
target: what type of wood are those cabinets? could i get the wood species and stain on those cabinets please? we love it! this is a beautiful kitchen!
output: could i get the wood species and stain on those cabinets please? i am putting this exact wood species and stain on them as well. what is the stain on the cabinets. thank you

input: what are the floors?
target: what are the floors? please share flooring details . mfgr, color etc.
output: floors. what are the floors? just gorgeous.

input: how much counter space is on either side of the range?
target: how much counter space is on either side of the range? i have a 72" wall where my rang is going. i can't decide if i should put the range off center so i'll have one side with more prep space or if i should center it, leaving a small space on either side. my husband and i disagree on this. i fee the range should be offset. he feels it should be centered. i do all of the cooking
output: how much counter space is on either side of the range? i have a 72" wall where my rang is going. i can't decide if i should put the range off center so i'll have one side with more prep space or if i should center it, leaving a small space on either side. my husband and i disagree on this. i fee the range should be offset. he

input: would you please share details?
target: backsplash!! absolutely love this backsplash. would you please share details? thanks!
output: backsplash. great looking space. would you please share details? thanks!

input: where can i find that backsplash?
target: where can i find that backsplash? what material is it made out of? so pretty.
output: where can i find that backsplash? what is the name of it? it is beautiful.

input: where did u get it?
target: love the back splash ! it would go perfect in my newly remodeled kitchen! where did u get it?
output: love the pot rack! it's beautiful! where did u get it?

input: what are the pendants over island?
target: love the kitchen! what are the pendants over island? thank you!
output: love the kitchen! what are the pendants over island? i love this kitchen!

input: what size waterstone plp at the prep sink?
target: what size waterstone plp at the prep sink? the prep size 5200 . and what size is the prep island sink?
output: what size waterstone plp at the prep sink? the prep size 5200. and what size is prep island sink?

input: what is the wood on the island?
target: what are the countertops? what is the wood on the island? beautiful!
output: what is the wood on the island? love it! floors!

input: what paint colour was used for the trim around the windows?
target: what paint colour was used for the trim around the windows? i’m looking for a trim colour that isn’t white (so hard to find right now) and i really love the grey used around the windows in this kitchen. what brand and colour is it?
output: what paint colour was used for the trim around the windows? i am putting in alder cabinets in our kitchen and we are putting in alder cabinets. i am having a difficult time with finding a right colour.

input: can you tell us more about who made the hood?.
target: vent hood . we are in the process of renovating our kitchen. we love this range hood. can you tell us more about who made the hood?. the cabinet maker? do you have any closer up photos of the hood? thanks! kathryn
output: vent hood. we are in the process of renovating our kitchen. we love this range hood. can you tell us more about who made the hood? . the cabinet maker? what is the name of the hood? where can i find it?

input: may i ask where is it from?
target: the runner rug used is stunning!! may i ask where is it from? love love love this design!! it is so stunning!
output: the runner rug used is stunning! may i ask where is it from? thank you.

input: can you please share those :) thank you so much!
target: spacing/dimensions . love this kitchen design! you do great work!! so excited that this has 8 ft ceilings and still looks so open and spacious! i have read thru and found the dimensions that i was looking for, other than the spacing between the island and the wall cabinets. can you please share those :) thank you so much!
output: spacing/dimensions. love this room! you do great work! ! so excited that this has 8 ft ceilings and still looks so open and spacious. can you please share those: ) thank you so much!

input: can you help me with this?
target: island color . you have smoke by sherwin williams listed as the color, but i can not find it in their color fan. can you help me with this?
output: island color. you have smoke by sherwin williams listed as the color, but i can not find it in their color fan. can you help me with this?

input: hi there, can you tell me the counter colour of quartz?
target: counter colour . hi there, can you tell me the counter colour of quartz? i am looking for something similar. appreciate the help.
output: counter colour. hi there, can you tell me the counter colour of quartz? i am looking for something similar. appreciate the help.

input: can you tell me the maufacturer and width of the custom panel refrigerator.
target: refrigerator . can you tell me the maufacturer and width of the custom panel refrigerator. is it a 30" or larger. i have space issues . thanks so much
output: refrigerator. can you tell me the maufacturer and width of the custom panel refrigerator. is it a 30" or larger. i have space issues. thank you.

input: what colors and finish did you use on the cabinets?
target: cabinet colors? what colors and finish did you use on the cabinets? this is a beautiful kitchen.
output: what colors and finish did you use on the cabinets? this is a beautiful kitchen. what colors and finish did you use on the cabinets?

input: can you tell me the brand and finish of the cabinet hardware?
target: can you tell me the brand and finish of the cabinet hardware? love the hardware. can you provide info on them?
output: can you tell me the brand and finish of the cabinet hardware? love the hardware. it looks different from the cabinets i'm working on. thank you.

input: any chances you have the 'before' pictures?
target: door handel and backspash stone? love the backsplash tiles. marble? what kind? and the handles are so unique and different. brand? thanks for this beautiful kitchen inspiration. any chances you have the 'before' pictures?
output: door handel and backspash stone? marble? what kind? is that quartz? any chances you have the' before' pictures?

input: what is the manufacturer of the light fixture?
target: love the light fixture . what is the manufacturer of the light fixture? it looks like it would be perfect for our new kitchen!
output: light fixture. what is the manufacturer of the light fixture? it's beautiful!

input: are these white shaker cabinets from the forevermark company?
target: white shaker cabinets . are these white shaker cabinets from the forevermark company? thanks!
output: white shaker cabinets. are these white shaker cabinets from the forevermark company? thanks!

input: can you share the floor stain color, the cabinet manufacturer, cabinet paint and island stain?
target: floor, cabinet and trim color? very nice design. the color combinations are perfect. i'm doing new construction and would love to recreate this. can you share the floor stain color, the cabinet manufacturer, cabinet paint and island stain? also the trim color, you did a good job matching it to the cabinet color. also are these 9 or 10 ft ceilings? how many pieces of crown did you use to create the to ceiling look? thanks so much .again great job.
output: floor, cabinet and trim color? and what color is the floor floor? can you share the floor stain color, the cabinet manufacturer, cabinet paint and island stain? and what is the color and shade of the wood? thank you,

input: can you tell me where the shelves can be purchased or are they custom.
target: love the shelves . can you tell me where the shelves can be purchased or are they custom. and what type of wood they ? i love the brass ends too!
output: shelves. can you tell me where the shelves can be purchased or are they custom. and what is the material?

input: tell us about the tiles on backsplash?
target: tell us about the tiles on backsplash? color? material?
output: tell us about the tiles on backsplash? color? material?

input: what was used for the counter and the backdplash?
target: counter . this is a beautiful kitchen! what was used for the counter and the backdplash? thanks, peggy
output: counter. this is a beautiful kitchen! what was used for the counter and the backdplash? thanks

input: what is the paint color of the cabinets, top and bottom?
target: paint colors . what is the paint color of the cabinets, top and bottom? what is the paint color of the wall and trim?
output: cabinets. what is the paint color of the cabinets, top and bottom? what is the paint color of the wall and trim?

input: is it a standard offering or did you have to custom design it?
target: love the kitchen! question about the microwave shelf. we have a dilemma as the cabinet line we're going with doesn't have a 24" wide microwave shelf (only larger). we have a small microwave and don't want to go larger as it has major impact on the rest of the shelves in that area. what is the design of your microwave shelf? is it a standard offering or did you have to custom design it? thank you.
output: it is a standard offering or did you have to custom design it? i am in need of kitchen 3.5' x 3' , 30" , 18" , 18" and 15" cabinets. i want to do a standard offering or did you have to custom design it? if so what is the reasoning? thank you

input: what is the brand of cabinet hardware?
target: cabinet hardware . awesome kitchen. what is the brand of cabinet hardware?
output: cabinet hardware. awesome kitchen. what is the brand of cabinet hardware?

input: what color are the gray cabinets?
target: beautiful kitchen . what color are the gray cabinets? gorgeous!
output: beautiful kitchen. what color are the gray cabinets? and what is the stain?

input: what is the brand of cabinets?
target: what is the brand of cabinets? and color used? thank you
output: cabinets. what is the brand of cabinets? and color used?

input: i love these chairs and would like to know where i can buy them.
target: chairs? i love these chairs and would like to know where i can buy them. thanks
output: chairs? i love these chairs and would like to know where i can buy them. thanks

input: could you give me the specific name to search for?
target: cabinet handles . your design is breathtaking! i'm having trouble finding the hardware on the hafele site. could you give me the specific name to search for? thanks!
output: i love the counter stools. could you give me the specific name to search for? thank you!

input: can you please tell me the size of the island and who makes the faucet?
target: island! can you please tell me the size of the island and who makes the faucet? thanks! beautiful kitchen!
output: island. can you please tell me the size of the island and who makes the faucet? thanks!

input: what are the dimensions of the kitchen?
target: what are the dimensions of the kitchen? i love this kitchen! what are the dimensions of the kitchen? thanks!
output: kitchen dimensions. what are the dimensions of the kitchen? and, the banquette area? thanks!

input: what is the name of this lovely granite?
target: what is the name of this lovely granite? i just love this granite. of course i love this kitchen period!
output: what is the name of this lovely granite? i would like to know the name of the granite. thank you!

input: also would a brown and black granite counter top go with the white cabinets and gray backdrop?
target: chandelier and granite counter top . where did you get the chandelier over the island? also would a brown and black granite counter top go with the white cabinets and gray backdrop?
output: granite counter top. where did you get the granite counter top from? i have been looking for something similar i have and am looking for something just like this.

input: what size is this, please?
target: size of island? looks like a very comfortable size for 5 people. what size is this, please?
output: size of island? looks like a very comfortable size for 5 people. what size is this, please?

input: what type edge is this granite?
target: what type edge is this granite? i really want to know know!! thanks!
output: granite. what type edge is this granite? and what finish?

input: what would be your though if i designed a kitchen just like this but made the center island cabinets grey (like the room in the background)?
target: robin . what would be your though if i designed a kitchen just like this but made the center island cabinets grey (like the room in the background)? what is the countertop you used in the background? thanks in advance
output: is the cabinet black or grey? what would be your though if i designed a kitchen just like this but made the center island cabinets grey(like the room in the background) ? what is the countertop you used in the background? thanks in advance!

input: can you tell me the name of, and where you purchased these chandeliers above the island?
target: chandeliers above island . can you tell me the name of, and where you purchased these chandeliers above the island? thanks!
output: chandeliers above island. can you tell me the name of, and where you purchased these chandeliers above the island? thanks!

input: are the refrigerator and pantry pulls the same size, and if so, how tall are they?
target: appliance hardware. are the refrigerator and pantry pulls the same size, and if so, how tall are they? many thanks
output: appliance hardware. are the refrigerator and pantry pulls the same size, and if so, how tall are they? many thanks

input: can you tell me who makes the barstools?
target: love the colors with wood accent. can you tell me who makes the barstools? thank you
output: love this kitchen. can you tell me who makes the barstools? thank you

input: what is the finish on the visual comfort lighting?
target: lighting . what is the finish on the visual comfort lighting? polished or antique nickel?
output: lighting. what is the finish on the visual comfort lighting? polished or antique nickel?

input: what finish did you choose for the hardware?
target: hardware finish. this wall is very close to ours(in progress). love your color scheme.calm and elegant. what finish did you choose for the hardware? thanks so much!
output: hardware finish. this wall is very close to ours(in progress) . love your color scheme. calm and elegant. what finish did you choose for the hardware? thanks!

input: what are the dimensions of this kitchen?
target: kitchen dimensions . what are the dimensions of this kitchen? thanks.
output: room dimensions. what are the dimensions of this kitchen? it is beautiful. thanks!

input: what color did you choose for the granite?
target: love the granite. what color did you choose for the granite? thank you
output: love the granite. what color did you choose for the granite? thank you

input: what is the color of cabinets?
target: cabinet color . what is the color of cabinets? thanks
output: cabinets. what is the color of cabinets? and what is the dimension?

input: where can i purchase the vertical pieces=they are stunning
target: hardware . i love how you mixed hardware. where can i purchase the vertical pieces=they are stunning
output: hardware. i love how you mixed hardware. where can i purchase the vertical pieces=they are stunning

input: what product do you use to seal it?
target: i am writing about the pietra cardosa limestone . does this hold up well in kitchen. scratches staining? what product do you use to seal it? some reviews are great on the stone others not so much. i am afraid to purchase and have it get ruined. thanks so much
output: i am writing about the pietra cardosa limestone. does this hold up well in kitchen. what product do you use to seal it? some reviews recommend sourcing similar to this pica? thank you.

input: can you please advise what material/manufacturer and color for the countertops?
target: kitchen countertops . can you please advise what material/manufacturer and color for the countertops? thanks!
output: countertops and countertops. can you please advise what material/manufacturer and color for the countertops? thanks

input: what is the countertop you used on this island?
target: love this kitchen . we are redoing a kitchen in a home we purchased. it will be a contemporary farm house. i love the touch of walnut legs on the island, and i'm thinking of doing the same for our kitchen table, as our island will be in walnut. what is the countertop you used on this island? it's stunning! robin sackman interior stylist
output: countertop materials. what is the countertop you used on this island? these are beautiful cabinets.

input: what are the copper looking "logs"?
target: great fire pit! custom? what are the copper looking "logs"?
output: great fire pit! custom? what are the copper looking" logs" ?

input: color of the island cabinetry and what are the countertops?
target: asking again because i don't think i see an answer? color of the island cabinetry and what are the countertops? thanks!
output: asking again because i don't think i see an answer? color of the island cabinetry and what are the countertops? thanks!

input: my cabinets around perimeter are alabaster.should i do a walnut color ctr island?
target: if i did the perimeter in walnut butcher block+ granite on ctr island? my cabinets around perimeter are alabaster.should i do a walnut color ctr island? i m concerned with the sink being on center island with butcher block. my flooring is hickory. thank u
output: if i did the perimeter in walnut butcher block+granite on ctr island? my cabinets around perimeter are alabaster. should i do a walnut color ctr island? i m concerned with the sink being on center island with butcher block. my flooring is hickory. thank u

input: what color was used for these cabinets?
target: cabinet color . what color was used for these cabinets? thanks.
output: cabinets. what color was used for these cabinets? they are beautiful!

input: island .
target: island . this is exactly the island i have been drawing in my plans. it's perfect! please tell me the dimensions.
output: island. this is exactly the island i have been drawing in my plans. it's perfect! please tell me the dimensions.

input: what is the overhang of the island top that allows for seating?
target: island seating . what is the overhang of the island top that allows for seating? is it 15 or 18"?
output: seating. what is the overhang of the island top that allows for seating? looks great!

input: could you please share the dimensions of the granite section of island, as well as the over all dimensions of the island and room too?
target: love the custom island. could you please share the dimensions of the granite section of island, as well as the over all dimensions of the island and room too? please.
output: dimensions. hello! could you please share the dimensions of the granite section of island, as well as the over all dimensions of the island and room too? please.

input: what company are they made by?
target: love the chairs . what company are they made by? thanks
output: love the chairs. what company are they made by? thanks

input: what manufacturer did you use to stain the concrete please?
target: what manufacturer did you use to stain the concrete please? i am trying to achieve the same look of the flooring in this pic. what brand is the stain?
output: what manufacturer did you use to stain the concrete please? i am putting in alder cabinets in our kitchen and we are trying to achieve this look in mine. thanks.

input: is this backsplash a white ceramic tile or is it a glass one?
target: is this backsplash a white ceramic tile or is it a glass one? what is the name of the tile backsplash please? i like it. many whites/grays don't look as good
output: is this backsplash a white ceramic tile or is it a glass one? what is the name of the tile backsplash please? i like the name of the tile backsplash. is this backsplash a white ceramic tile or is it a glass one? thanks

input: what color did you paint them?
target: cabinet color . they are gorgeous! what color did you paint them? thanks!
output: cabinets. what color did you paint them? are they stained or laminate?

input: do you recall where the gorgeous barstools are from?
target: gorgeous bar stools . this is a really beautiful kitchen. do you recall where the gorgeous barstools are from? i've been searching all over for something just like that. thank you for your time.
output: gorgeous bar stools. this is a really beautiful kitchen. do you recall where the gorgeous barstools are from? i've been searching all over for something just like that. thank you.

input: where did you get them?
target: lights . love these lights! where did you get them?
output: backsplash. love the backsplash. where did you get them?

input: can you provide the specs on your backsplash?
target: backsplash tile . can you provide the specs on your backsplash? it's beautiful!
output: backsplash tile. can you provide the specs on your backsplash? it's beautiful!

input: brand of the black paint and also the name of the countertop?
target: cabinet paint . can you please share the name andamp. brand of the black paint and also the name of the countertop? thank you!
output: cabinet paint. can you please share the name andamp. brand of the black paint and also the name of the countertop? thank you.

input: i need idea for my new house.who i can ask for advice?how much does it coast?
target: new house . i need idea for my new house.who i can ask for advice?how much does it coast? i am from croatia.thank you
output: i need idea for my new house. who i can ask for advice? how much does it coast? i am from croatia. thank you.

input: what are the end panels made of on both sides of the hood?
target: what are the end panels made of on both sides of the hood? it looks like the end panels are stainless steel and not painted white. i have never seen this before but seems like it would be really practical with food splashing from the stove top. lovely kitchen by the way. great work!
output: what are the end panels made of on both sides of the hood? it looks like the end panels are stainless steel and not painted white. i have never seen this before but seems like it would be really practical with food splashing from the stove top. great clean design.

input: would you mind please sharing?
target: tile manufacturer and style? i am also interested to learn the manufacturer and style of the tile. would you mind please sharing? thank you!
output: tile manufacturer and style? i am also interested to learn the manufacturer and style of the tile. would you mind please sharing? thank you!

input: what is the height of the cabinets?
target: what is the height of the cabinets? thanks . i have 9 ft ceilings and trying to decide cabinet height to go with. one cabinet on bottom and one on top or a single tall cabinet. want to bring cabs to ceiling as in your photo.
output: what is the height of the cabinets? and the overall height of the room. thanks!

input: can you tell me the type and name of tile?
target: what are the floors ? love the floor. can you tell me the type and name of tile?
output: what is the floor tile? and, the flooring? can you tell me the type and name of tile?

input: who is the manufacture/style?
target: beautiful kitchen . love the kitchen faucet. who is the manufacture/style? thanks
output: love the chairs. who is the manufacture/style? thank you.

input: dining room fixture?
target: dining room fixture? such a beautiful space. do you have the style name, etc of the dining room lighting fixture?thank you!
output: dining room fixture? such a beautiful space. do you have the style name, etc of the dining room lighting fixture? thank you!

input: could you tell me the dimensions of the area that combines the kitchen and separate dining table?
target: room dimensions . could you tell me the dimensions of the area that combines the kitchen and separate dining table? thanks!
output: room dimensions. could you tell me the dimensions of the area that combines the kitchen and separate dining table? thanks!

input: may i ask the length of the island?
target: island . may i ask the length of the island? thank you :)
output: island. may i ask the length of the island? thank you: )

input: who makes the doors in the dining area?
target: who makes the doors in the dining area? are they sliders? beautiful!
output: who makes the doors in the dining area? are they sliders? beautiful!

input: could you please share the trim color?
target: trim color . could you please share the trim color? thank you!
output: trim color. could you please share the trim color? thank you!

input: what is the thickness of the island and what is the overhang?
target: kitchen island . what is the thickness of the island and what is the overhang? beautiful kitchen
output: kitchen island. what is the thickness of the island and what is the overhang? beautiful kitchen

input: can you reply with who make this stainless and brass hood?
target: we love this kitchen vent hood and the kitchen! who made the hood? can you reply with who make this stainless and brass hood? its very unique
output: i am interested in the hood. can you reply with who make this stainless and brass hood? its very unique

input: would you please tell more about the backsplash?
target: what is the brand or name of the backsplash? would you please tell more about the backsplash? brand?
output: backsplash. would you please tell more about the backsplash? what is the material?

input: hello, greatly appreciate if you could share info on the hood too please?
target: would you please share info on hood? who made the hood please? hello, greatly appreciate if you could share info on the hood too please? who made the hood? super job.
output: would you please share info on hood? who made the hood please? hello, greatly appreciate if you could share info on the hood too please? who made the hood? super job.

input: it is exactly what i've been searching for!
target: what is the backsplash tile please? this kitchen is just gorgeous and i would be super grateful if you could share the name of the backsplash tile please! it is exactly what i've been searching for!
output: what is the backsplash tile? it is exactly what i've been searching for! looks like a marble or some kind.

input: did u stain with color or just clear coat it?
target: floors . are the floors pre.fab or white oaks? did u stain with color or just clear coat it? thanks!
output: floors. are the floors pre. fab or white oaks? did u stain with color or just clear coat it? thanks!

input: can you tell me the name of this countertop and material?
target: island countertop . can you tell me the name of this countertop and material? quartz ? marble? thank you.
output: can you tell me the name of this countertop and material? what is the name of it? i have been looking for suggestions. thank you.

input: what size are the subway tiles?
target: what size are the subway tiles? what type of tiles? size?
output: what size are the subway tiles? what type of tiles? size?

input: what brand and color is the cabinet hardware?
target: what brand and color is the cabinet hardware? love the cabinet hardware. it looks like a brushed bronze but it is hard to tell from the lighting.
output: cabinet hardware. what brand and color is the cabinet hardware? thank you!

input: love the pendent lights.may i have the brand, or where they were purchased?
target: pendant lights? love the pendent lights.may i have the brand, or where they were purchased? thank you.
output: pendent lights. love the pendent lights. may i have the brand, or where they were purchased? thank you.

input: what color are they?
target: hi there. love the cabinets. what color are they?
output: hi there. love the cabinets. what color are they?

input: can you please tell me where i may find something longer than 10ft?
target: countertop . hi, im just starting the kitchen design process. i would like a 11.12ft island but was told by my designer that the longest slab is 10ft. can you please tell me where i may find something longer than 10ft? i live in new jersey. thank you in advance for your time!
output: countertop. hi, im just starting the kitchen design process. i would like a 11.12ft island but was told by my designer that the longest slab is 10ft. can you please tell me where i may find something longer than 10ft? i live in new jersey. thank you in advance for your help!

input: where are the counter chairs from?
target: studio m interiors. fendale . where are the counter chairs from?
output: stools. where are the counter chairs from? thank you

input: it's hard to judge visually, can you please share the size of the pendants?
target: what is the size of the pendants? it's hard to judge visually, can you please share the size of the pendants? thank you. love this whole house!
output: what is the size of the pendants? it's hard to judge visually, can you please share the size of the pendants? thank you. love this kitchen!

input: what is the counter top?
target: love this! what is the counter top? and the lights?
output: what is the counter top? i love this kitchen and just love the balance of the room with the countertops. what is the counter top?

input: what is the paint color on the island?
target: island . what is the paint color on the island? so pretty!
output: island. what is the paint color on the island? thanks.

input: where can i purchase them?
target: counter stools? who is the manufacturer? where can i purchase them?
output: counter stools? who is the manufacturer? where can i purchase them?

input: what is the paint color on the ceiling please and thanks :)!!
target: color on ceiling . what is the paint color on the ceiling please and thanks :)!! beautiful all around.
output: color on ceiling. what is the paint color on the ceiling please and thanks: ) ! ! beautiful all around.

input: hi, what are the dimensions of the islands and the aisle in between them?
target: island . hi, what are the dimensions of the islands and the aisle in between them? thank you!
output: island. hi, what are the dimensions of the islands and the aisle in between them? thank you!

input: can you please share the edging on this island?
target: edging on island . can you please share the edging on this island? is it a 3cm slab? laminated? thanks.
output: edging on island. can you please share the edging on this island? is it a 3cm slab? laminated? thanks.

input: what brand/color is the subway tile?
target: brand of subway tile . what brand/color is the subway tile? i see from your other responses that it is 3x6 inches. thank you so much. this is a gorgeous kitchen.
output: brand of subway tile. what brand/color is the subway tile? i see from your other responses that it is 3x6 inches. thank you so much. this is a gorgeous kitchen.

input: and how far down does the coffered ceiling come down?
target: coffered ceiling . i see that your ceilings are 10 feet. is this before the coffered ceiling? and how far down does the coffered ceiling come down? thanks, its a beautiful kitchen, and house!
output: coffered ceiling. i have a vaulted ceiling and cannot find the coffered ceiling. and how far down does the coffered ceiling come down? thanks!

input: noticed that was the trim color in dining room and i'm curious if that was what was used in cabinetry and trim throughout the house?
target: love this kitchen! paint and trim question. this space is fabulous. is the cabinet color in this room and the craft room white diamond as well? what finish? noticed that was the trim color in dining room and i'm curious if that was what was used in cabinetry and trim throughout the house? this entire project is beautiful!
output: love this kitchen! paint and trim question. this space is amazing. is there another trim color in cabinetry and trim throughout the house? noticed that was the trim color in dining room and i'm curious if that was what was used in cabinetry and trim throughout the house? this entire project is beautiful!

input: what is the width of the hood?
target: love the mantle hood. what is the width of the hood? is range 48"?
output: love the mantle hood. what is the width of the hood? is range 48" ?

input: what is the ceiling height?
target: beautiful! what is the ceiling height? beautiful! what is the ceiling height?
output: ceiling. what is the ceiling height? beautiful! looking for seats/chairs, and chairs.

input: what color and brand of paint was used on cabinets?
target: cabinets? what color and brand of paint was used on cabinets? beautiful!
output: cabinets? what color and brand of paint was used on cabinets? beautiful!

input: can you provide countertop info?
target: countertop color . can you provide countertop info? and barstool info? thanks!
output: countertop color. can you provide countertop info? and barstool info? thanks

input: could you tell us about these fabulous counters?
target: could you tell us about these fabulous counters? are they marble or quartz? something else?
output: could you tell us about these fabulous counters? are they marble or quartz? something else?

input: can you please tell me the mfg /model/color of the island?
target: island . beautiful kitchen. can you please tell me the mfg /model/color of the island? thank you
output: island. beautiful kitchen. can you please tell me the mfg/model/color of the island? thank you

input: where can i purchase them?
target: love the stools! where can i purchase them? do they have bar height? we have been searching and searching for bar height stools for our kitchen/dining room counter. these would be perfect!
output: counter stools? who is the manufacturer? where can i purchase them?

input: what is the measurement of the hardware shown on these cabinets.
target: hardware . what is the measurement of the hardware shown on these cabinets. the door pulls/ i am ordering this hardware ( and it comes in 4 and 6 inches , i believe. which one is show here? thank you !
output: hardware. what is the measurement of the hardware shown on these cabinets. the door pulls/i am ordering this hardware(and it comes in 4 and 6 inches, i believe. which one is show here? thank you!

input: what is the color name of kitchen cabinet?
target: color cabinet . what is the color name of kitchen cabinet? thanks for your answer.
output: color cabinet. what is the color name of kitchen cabinet? thanks.

input: i'd love to know what kind of wood floors are in this kitchen.
target: wood floors . i'd love to know what kind of wood floors are in this kitchen. beautiful!
output: wood floors. i'd love to know what kind of wood floors are in this kitchen. beautiful!

input: could you please give information about the island top.
target: island top . could you please give information about the island top. what kind of wood, the thickness, and finish. thank you
output: island top. could you please give information about the island top. what is the material?

input: also, is the hardware on the perimeter black and island oil rubbed bronze?
target: lovely! can you share cabinet details on the island? also, is the hardware on the perimeter black and island oil rubbed bronze?
output: is there a product on the island oil rubbed bronze? also, is the hardware on the perimeter black and island oil rubbed bronze?

input: could you please tell me the color/make of the backsplash andamp.
target: backsplash.tile . love this kitchen!!! could you please tell me the color/make of the backsplash andamp. grout? thank you!
output: backsplash. tile. hello! could you please tell me the color/make of the backsplash andamp. grout? what is the color? thank you

input: what is this specific quartz countertop color called?
target: countertop color . what is this specific quartz countertop color called? it is gorgeous!
output: countertop color. what is this specific quartz countertop color called? it is gorgeous!

input: should this have been necessary?
target: should a seam be necessary in a straight 8 foot quatz countertop . we are building a new house and have just had quartz countertop installed in out kitchen. we are disappointed to see a seam at the middle of the cooktop cutout (front and back). the countertop is a straight 8 foot piece, and the cooktop is 30". given the simple straight piece we are surprised there is a seam, especially at the heavily used front of the cooktop. should this have been necessary?
output: should a seam be necessary in a straight 8 foot quatz countertop. we are building a new house and have just had quartz countertop installed in out kitchen. should this have been necessary?

input: is it easy to make these corners round?
target: my fiancé is blind. can i make the corners round! yeah, i asked a blind woman to marry me and now i need new countertops. is it easy to make these corners round? thank you! steve r. krol blue mesa technologies
output: my fiance is blind. is it easy to make these corners round? i have a blind woman and i want a go round. this looks amazing!

input: is there a granite that looks similar to this?
target: granite vs. quartz . i love this quartz slab but hate the price. is there a granite that looks similar to this?
output: granite vs. granite. this is a beautiful kitchen. is there a granite that looks similar to this?

input: is red wine easy to clean up off of this beautiful stone?
target: is it difficult to maintain? is red wine easy to clean up off of this beautiful stone? or will it be permanently stained? does it need to be treated or sealed frequently?
output: is it difficult to maintain? is red wine easy to clean up off of this beautiful stone? or will it be stained? does it need to be treated or sealed? thank you.

input: what is the countertop material and color and who makes it?
target: what is the countertop material and color and who makes it? great look! thanks
output: countertop. what is the countertop material and color and who makes it? thanks

input: can you please tell me what paint color is used on the walls and ceiling?
target: paint colors. wall and ceiling . can you please tell me what paint color is used on the walls and ceiling? thanks!
output: wall and ceiling paint colors. can you please tell me what paint color is used on the walls and ceiling? thanks!

input: is that a "false:" ceiling or are those a special kind of light?
target: love this! are those can lighting in the ceiling? i have a vaulted ceiling in my kitchen and do not have enough room for canned lights and am looking for alternative,. is that a "false:" ceiling or are those a special kind of light? thanks!
output: love this! are those can lighting in the ceiling? is that a" false: " ceiling or are those a special kind of light? i have a 9 foot ceiling that is 10 ft. what is the ceiling is?

input: where is the cabinet hardware from?
target: where is the cabinet hardware from? beautiful kitchen! i am trying to replicate this exact cabinet look. thank you!
output: cabinet hardware. where is the cabinet hardware from? i'd like to know asap

input: i love this off.white, and wondering what is used.
target: what paint colors are used? i love this off.white, and wondering what is used. thanks!
output: what paint colors are used? i love this off. white, and wondering what is used. thanks

input: could you please tell me the stain color used on the cabinetry?
target: love the cabinet color . beautiful kitchen. could you please tell me the stain color used on the cabinetry? thanks
output: love the cabinet color. could you please tell me the stain color used on the cabinetry? thanks!

input: can you tell me where they are from?
target: love the stools! where are they from? the stools are so unique. can you tell me where they are from? thank you!
output: i love the chairs. can you tell me where they are from? thank you.

input: are the black countertops soapstone?
target: are the countertops soapstone? are the black countertops soapstone? thank you.
output: are the countertops soapstone? are the black countertops soapstone? thank you.

input: can you share those colors .
target: also the color of the whits, walls and trim. i love the ambience created by the color combo, whites and grays. can you share those colors .
output: also the color of the whits, walls and trim. i love the ambience created by the color combo, whites and grays. can you share those colors.

input: where can i get them?
target: floors! love the floors? where can i get them?
output: counter stools? who is the manufacturer? where can i get them?

input: what company are the cabinets ?
target: what company are the cabinets ? hi i’m looking for this color flat panel cabinet. what company are they ?
output: what company are the cabinets? hi, i'm looking for this color flat paneled cabinet. what company are they? what company are the cabinets?

input: where did you ever find that european door?
target: door? love it! where did you ever find that european door? love it!
output: door? where did you ever find that european door? what is it made out of? custom?

input: are these a laminated cabinet or are they stained wood?
target: i really like these cabinets. can you tell me a little more about them . are these a laminated cabinet or are they stained wood? wood specie andamp. color? thanks bob
output: i really like these cabinets. can you tell me a little more about them. are these a laminated cabinet or are they stained wood? wood specie andamp. color?

input: if possible, would you be willing to share the height and width of the cabinet above the sub zero refrigerator?
target: cabinet above sub zero . this is a beautifully designed kitchen for a rather tight space. it’s lovely to see how style and space can be achieved even though the space isn’t huge. i’m currently going through a renovation on a 1895 farmhouse with roughly 8 ft ceilings. if possible, would you be willing to share the height and width of the cabinet above the sub zero refrigerator? we are looking to install a built in fridge that is 84” high but are ceiling height is 98” or 8 ft 2” high. my fiancé and i are trying to figure out if putting a cabinet above the fridge is possible if it’s roughly 8 inches tall (1.5 inch gap from fridge to cabinet, and 4.5 inches of ceiling trim above).thank you so much for your time and sharing your beautiful work on houzz. wishing you the best of luck!
output: cabinet above sub zero. this is a beautiful kitchen. i am being told by are designer not to go below cabinet above the sub zero refrigerator? if possible, would you be willing to share the height and width of the cabinet above the sub zero refrigerator? thanks.

input: can you tell me brand and style of these cabinets?
target: cabinets . can you tell me brand and style of these cabinets? thank you
output: cabinets. can you tell me brand and style of these cabinets? thank you

input: could you tell me the height of the upper cabinets .
target: great kitchen . could you tell me the height of the upper cabinets . and the moulding size?
output: great kitchen. could you tell me the height of the upper cabinets. and the moulding size?

input: i am considering a similar dishwasher and sink set up.does this layout have any downsides?
target: dishwasher . i am considering a similar dishwasher and sink set up.does this layout have any downsides? thanks!
output: dishwasher. i am considering a similar dishwasher and sink set up. does this layout have any downsides? thanks!

input: trying to see what cabinets look like that are about 50 inches tall plus about 3 inches of molding (or some combination up to about 53 inches.
target: are these 8 or 9 foot ceilings? are these 8 or 9 foot ceilings? we're have 9 ft ceilings and would like to have cabinets to the ceiling, but don't want to put an extra small cabinet up top. trying to see what cabinets look like that are about 50 inches tall plus about 3 inches of molding (or some combination up to about 53 inches. our ceilings are an inch shy of 9 feet, would like about 18+ inches between base cabinets and uppers.)
output: is there a pantry door equivalent to these? trying to see what cabinets look like that are about 50 inches tall plus about 3 inches of molding(or some combination up to about 53 inches. there are many thanks in advance!

input: if so, does it need extra hinges to stop dropping?
target: corner cupboard . is the top corner cupboard fold back? if so, does it need extra hinges to stop dropping?
output: corner cupboard. is the top corner cupboard fold back? if so, does it need extra hinges to stop dropping?

input: just wondering who the accent tile mfg is and the color.
target: backsplash tiles . just wondering who the accent tile mfg is and the color. it's so striking with a pleasant bling effect, yet very earthy looking. again, job well done! thanks for your response.
output: backsplash tiles. just wondering who the accent tile mfg is and the color. it's perfect with the pure white!

input: what is the make/color of the countertop?
target: countertop . this is exactly the kitchen i want for my small space. thank you for posting a beautiful, small kitchen. what is the make/color of the countertop? exact details would be appreciated!
output: countertop. what is the make/color of the countertop? it looks fantastic!

input: can you tell me the size of cabinets and ceiling height?
target: cabinet size and ceiling height . can you tell me the size of cabinets and ceiling height? i'd love to do something similar but i have 8 ft ceilings.
output: cabinets and ceiling height. can you tell me the size of cabinets and ceiling height? i'm trying to decide between a smaller and an 8' ceiling. thanks.

input: who makes these cabinets?
target: cabinets? who makes them? i really like the glass on the cabinets. who makes these cabinets?
output: cabinets? who makes them? i really like the glass on the cabinets. who makes these cabinets?

input: hello.would you be able to tell me the name of the color on the cabinets?
target: paint colors . hello.would you be able to tell me the name of the color on the cabinets? thank you
output: hello. would you be able to tell me the name of the color on the cabinets? thank you

input: what is it?
target: not walker zanger zalmalenco grigio . what is it? hi, please check your project notes. i ordered a sample from walker zanger, zalmalenco grigio in a large 12x24 size. but this is certainly not the tile used here! mine has no striations. there are light swirls against a grainy background.
output: countertops. i love the countertop on the perimeter. what is it?

input: hi, what type of counter tops are shown here?
target: jgriff . hi, what type of counter tops are shown here? they are beautiful! thank you.
output: jgriff. hi, what type of counter tops are shown here? they are beautiful! thank you.

input: what flooring is that?
target: flooring . what flooring is that? it's beautiful!
output: flooring. what flooring is that? it's beautiful!

input: can you please tell me the brand of that faucet?
target: faucet . can you please tell me the brand of that faucet? thanks!
output: faucet. can you please tell me the brand of that faucet? thank you.

input: would,you mind sharing the dimensions of the island, pease?
target: island . hi, what a gorgeous kitchen!!! would,you mind sharing the dimensions of the island, pease? thank you!
output: island. hi, i'm considering getting a farmhouse with pease island. would, you mind sharing the dimensions of the island, pease? thank you!

input: where to buy please?
target: chairs . fab!!! where to buy please?
output: chairs. fab! ! where to buy please?

input: who makes this?
target: love the cabinet hardware. who makes this? thank you!
output: love the cabinet hardware. who makes this? thank you!

input: can i ask the size of the appliance pulls on the fridge please?
target: appliance pulls . can i ask the size of the appliance pulls on the fridge please? i am trying to decide between 12" or 18" for my thermador integrated unit. thanks!!
output: appliance pulls. can i ask the size of the appliance pulls on the fridge please? i am trying to decide between 12" or 18" for my thermador integrated unit. thanks!

input: could you please share the dim.
target: very smart! could you please share the dim. of the tall cabinet?
output: dim. could you please share the dim. of the tall cabinet?

input: can you tell me what color it is?
target: cabinet paint color . love the color of the cabinet! can you tell me what color it is?
output: cabinet paint color. i love this color! can you tell me what color it is?

input: is the subway backsplash marble or ceramic?
target: is the subway backsplash marble or ceramic? if ceramic, what color? thanks!
output: is the subway backsplash marble or ceramic? if ceramic, what color? thanks

input: what kind of flooring is this .
target: what is the flooring? what kind of flooring is this . it's beautiful.
output: what is the flooring? what kind of flooring is this. it's beautiful.

input: source?
target: bar chairs . very stylish . source?
output: lights. love the lighting. source? thanks

input: any info on these cabinets?
target: cabinets? any info on these cabinets? manufacturer and color?
output: cabinets? any info on these cabinets? manufacturer and color?

input: what are they?
target: love the pendants! what are they? thanks! you did a great job with this kitchen . so pleasing to the eye!
output: countertops? what are they? thanks.

input: what is the counter top back splash material?
target: what is the counter top back splash material? beautiful! is it marble or quartz?
output: what is the counter top back splash material? beautiful. thanks.

input: could you please tell me the make/color/material of this flooring?
target: flooring question . could you please tell me the make/color/material of this flooring? thanks!
output: flooring question. could you please tell me the make/color/material of this flooring? thanks!

input: can you tell me the manufacturer and door/finish style on the cabinets?
target: cabinets? can you tell me the manufacturer and door/finish style on the cabinets? thanks
output: cabinets? can you tell me the manufacturer and door/finish style on the cabinets? thanks

input: what finish did you choose?
target: kitchen . hi, we have just ordered the hf staccato pendants lights for a kitchen too. what finish did you choose? dark smoke? we are also going to install dark grey/black countertops as well. what stone did you select?
output: kitchen. hi, we have just ordered the hf staccato pendants lights for a kitchen too. what finish did you choose? dark smoke? we are also going to install dark grey/black countertops as well. what stone did you select?

input: what is the wall color.
target: what is the wall color. wall color. beautiful kitchen.
output: what is the wall color. wall color. beautiful kitchen.

input: would you mind sharing which line of wolf cabinets?
target: wolf cabinets . which line? love the space! would you mind sharing which line of wolf cabinets? such as designer, transition, signature or classic? thank you, and again lovely space!
output: wolf cabinets. which line? love the space! would you mind sharing which line of wolf cabinets? such as designer, transition, signature or classic? thank you!

input: i'm wondering if it is a natural stone, and if so, is it a marble, granite or quartzite?
target: what is the island countertop material? i'm wondering if it is a natural stone, and if so, is it a marble, granite or quartzite? and what is the color/name? it is striking!
output: i'm wondering if it is a natural stone, and if so, is it a marble, granite or quartzite? and what is the color/name? it is striking!

input: does the apron get scratched up?
target: sink source . source for sink? does the apron get scratched up? thanks
output: sink source. source for sink? does the apron get scratched up? thanks

input: how are the uppers finished across the bottom?
target: cabinets . are these custom cabinets? how are the uppers finished across the bottom? are there under cabinet lights? thanks
output: cabinets. are these custom cabinets? how are the uppers finished across the bottom? are there under cabinet lights? thanks

input: did you apply the leveling concrete first, then stain it?
target: i really love this kitchen. how could you make the concrete floor looks like marble. did you apply the leveling concrete first, then stain it? what color of the concrete stain did you use? i 'd like to have the same stained concrete floor in my kitchen but not sure the local concrete company could do the same style. thank you very much for answering my question.
output: i really love this kitchen. how could you make the concrete floor looks like marble. did you apply the leveling concrete first, then stain it? what color of the concrete stain did you use? i'd like to have the same stained concrete floor in my kitchen but not sure the local concrete company could do the same style. thank you in advance!

input: honed black peripheral countertops?
target: beautiful countertops . honed black peripheral countertops? what is material?
output: countertops? honed black peripheral countertops? what is material?

input: light fixtures/pendants?
target: light fixtures/pendants? size, make? please provide details thanks
output: light fixtures/pendants? size, make? please provide details thanks

input: you you mention a matte finish on the floor, but could you state what type of finish?
target: floor . you you mention a matte finish on the floor, but could you state what type of finish? bobs traffic? oil or water based? thank you and thanks for sharing this great kitchen!
output: floor. you you mention a matte finish on the floor, but could you state what type of finish? bobs traffic? oil or water based? thank you and thanks for sharing this great kitchen

input: do you mind sharing the manufacturer of the roller shades used here or on some of your other projects?
target: roller shades? do you mind sharing the manufacturer of the roller shades used here or on some of your other projects? i love how their low.profile allows the window to be the main focus. thank you.
output: roller shades? do you mind sharing the manufacturer of the roller shades used here or on some of your other projects? i love how their low. profile allows the window to be the main focus. thank you.

input: can you tell me the depth of the shelf and what kind of brackets were used?
target: i love the shelf! can you tell me the depth of the shelf and what kind of brackets were used? i'm having this made by a steel fabricator. it's awesome.
output: i love the shelf! can you tell me the depth of the shelf and what kind of brackets were used? i'm having this made by a steel fabricator. it's awesome.

input: would love to know where the table chairs and stools came from.
target: window seat project . would love to know where the table chairs and stools came from. thanks!
output: table chairs. would love to know where the table chairs and stools came from. thanks!

input: what is the material these windows are made out of?
target: love the windows! who makes these? what is the material these windows are made out of? aluminum or fiberglass? thanks so much!!! this house is beautiful!
output: windows? what is the material these windows are made out of? what is the material this windows are made out of? i love the white dove on the door and the overall look. thanks.

input: are these custom or can you share a source?
target: shelves are fantastic . are these custom or can you share a source? fantastic space! thank you.
output: shelves are fantastic. are these custom or can you share a source? thanks!

input: hi tim, what is the window brand used here.
target: window brand . hi tim, what is the window brand used here. thanks so much, shawn
output: window brand. hi tim, what is the window brand used here. thanks

input: where can the table be purchased?
target: where can the table be purchased? who's the manufacturer ? sheilag
output: table. where can the table be purchased? who is the manufacturer?

input: what brand and color wood floors are these .
target: what brand and color wood floors are these . thank you in advance for the response. i was having a hard time picking out wood floors.
output: what brand and color wood floors are these. thank you in advance for your response. i was having a hard time picking out wood floors.

input: where are they from?
target: bar stools . love the bar stools. where are they from?
output: love the floors? where are they from? what type and style?

input: who are they by?
target: i love the lights. who are they by? thanks
output: i love the lights. who are they by? thanks!

input: were the cabinets unfinished before you painted them?
target: cabinets . were the cabinets unfinished before you painted them? if not, were they stripped?
output: cabinets. were the cabinets unfinished before you painted them? if not, were they stripped?

input: i saw you answered a question about the paint, could you tell me what brand the paint is?
target: paint manufacturer? i am in love with these beautiful colors! i saw you answered a question about the paint, could you tell me what brand the paint is?
output: paint manufacturer? i am in love with these beautiful colors! i saw you answered a question about the paint, could you tell me what brand the paint is? thank you and one last question.

input: where are the lights from?
target: love the lights . where are the lights from? cabinets look amazing too!
output: love the lights. where are the lights from? cabinets look amazing too!

input: hello, may i find out who made the narrow kitchen windows?
target: tall, narrow windows flanking cooktop? hello, may i find out who made the narrow kitchen windows? the smaller one on top of them, particularly. thank you!
output: narrow kitchen windows. hello, may i find out who made the narrow kitchen windows? the kitchen remodel was wonderful!

input: hi can you tell me if this is the weathered oak or burnt oak finish on the rh counter stools?
target: finish on counter stools . hi can you tell me if this is the weathered oak or burnt oak finish on the rh counter stools? thanks.
output: finish on counter stools. hi can you tell me if this is the weathered oak or burnt oak finish on the rh counter stools? thanks.

input: do you mind sharing the light manufacturer?
target: lighting over counter? hi, this is a lovely kitchen! do you mind sharing the light manufacturer? i'm looking for something like this. thanks in advance!
output: lighting over counter? hi, this is a lovely kitchen! do you mind sharing the light manufacturer? i'm looking for something like this. thanks!

input: could you please tell me where you got those?
target: bar stools . could you please tell me where you got those? thanks!
output: backsplash. great looking space. could you please tell me where you got those?

input: we are in the midst of a remodel when i saw you design with quartzite .
target: we are in the midst of a remodel when i saw you design with quartzite . i have decided to forgo granite in lieu of the super white quartzite due to your beautiful design, but can not find a local company that represents it. we live in salem and would love to get a first hand look at it. do you have any recommendations? thank you,
output: i love this kitchen! what is the material? we are in the midst of a remodel when i saw you design with quartzite. i am in the midst of a remodel when i saw you design with quartzite. and what is the material used for the remodel? we are in the midst of a remodel when i saw you design with quartzite.

input: can you please share the paints you choose for cabinet and walls???
target: paint . can you please share the paints you choose for cabinet and walls??? they appear to be the same but perhaps not?
output: paints. can you please share the paints you choose for cabinet and walls? ? ? they appear to be the same but perhaps not?

input: this kitchen is gorgeous and exactly how i want to lay out my kitchen.
target: can you give the dimensions of the entire kitchen? from wall to wall. this kitchen is gorgeous and exactly how i want to lay out my kitchen. is there a pantry behind the stove in the hallway back there? love the layout
output: can you give the dimensions of the entire kitchen? from wall to wall. this kitchen is gorgeous and exactly how i want to lay out my kitchen. is there a pantry behind the stove in the hallway back there? love the layout

input: who makes them?
target: pendants?! the pendants are great . who makes them?
output: pendents. who makes them? thanks

input: can you tell me about them?
target: marble and barstools? love the center island marble and barstools. can you tell me about them?
output: love the chairs. can you tell me about them? thanks.

input: layout/blueprints available?
target: layout/blueprints available? hi, very impressed with this design. is the design available?
output: layout/blueprints available? hi, very impressed with this design. is the design available?

input: what is the make/model/brand of the cabinet pulls?
target: cabinet pulls . what is the make/model/brand of the cabinet pulls? they look great!
output: cabinet pulls. what is the make/model/brand of the cabinet pulls? they look great!

input: what color and brand are the cabinets?
target: what color and brand are the cabinets? thank you. what color and brand are the cabinets? thank you.
output: what color and brand are the cabinets? thank you. what color and brand are the cabinets? thank you.

input: which ceiling fan model from futuro futuro did you select?
target: ceiling hood . beautiful kitchen! which ceiling fan model from futuro futuro did you select?
output: ceiling fan/ceiling fan. which ceiling fan model from futuro futuro did you select? thank you!

input: or a custom carpenter on site please ?
target: drawer inserts . hello! did you have these done at a kitchen design store . or a custom carpenter on site please ?
output: is there a pantry? or a custom carpenter on site please? it looks like a pantry. thanks.

input: is that a faux finish on the vent hood?
target: vent hood . is that a faux finish on the vent hood? it looks like ventahood.com thanks for answering
output: is that a faux finish on the vent hood? i want to do a vent hood in our kitchen and this kitchen is beautiful.

input: also, what are those stunning floors?
target: gorgeous backsplash under the hood . please share the maker of the amazing tile beneath the hood. also, what are those stunning floors? thanks
output: gorgeous backsplash under the hood. please share the maker of the amazing tile beneath the hood. also, what are those stunning floors? thanks

input: where are the blinds from?
target: love the blinds . where are the blinds from? manufacturer?
output: love the blinds. where are the blinds from? manufacturer?

input: love the cabinetry, can i ask what it's made of?
target: cabinetry and flooring . love the cabinetry, can i ask what it's made of? and is the flooring a laminate?
output: cabinetry and floor? love the cabinetry, can i ask what it's made of? and is the flooring a laminate?

input: i love the coffee sustem built in as shown in your picture however i have been told by my kd that this mieli system must be built into a tall cabinet .
target: mieli coffee system . i love the coffee sustem built in as shown in your picture however i have been told by my kd that this mieli system must be built into a tall cabinet . did you do any special work to install it above the counter?
output: mieli coffee system. i love the coffee sustem built in as shown in your picture however i have been told by my kd that this mieli system must be built into a tall cabinet. did you do any special work to install it above the counter?

input: what is the width of this beverage center?
target: what is the width of this beverage center? thanks! what is the width of this beverage center? thanks!
output: what is the width of this beverage center? thanks. what is the width of this beverage center? thanks!

input: what kind of wood floor is this?
target: floors . real wood or fake? what kind of wood floor is this? thank you
output: floors? what kind of wood floor is this? engineered? color?

input: what are the specs on the wires in the drawer?
target: drawer charging station . what type of power strip is this? what are the specs on the wires in the drawer?
output: drawer charging station. what type of power strip is this? what are the specs on the wires in the drawer?

input: hi what is color of backsplash and name of manufacture?
target: backsplash . hi what is color of backsplash and name of manufacture? where did you get it. also what is name and color of countertop? thanks
output: backsplash. hi what is color of backsplash and name of manufacture? where did you get it. also what is name and color of countertop? thanks

input: any idea how much total space from the right side of the oven to the far edge?
target: cabinets . any idea how much total space from the right side of the oven to the far edge? or how large each cabinet to the left and right of cooktop? also,ceiling heigh? beautiful kitchen!
output: cabinets. any idea how much total space from the right side of the oven to the far edge? or how large each cabinet to the left and right of cooktop? also, ceiling heigh? beautiful kitchen!

input: what size is the sink?
target: what size is the sink? what size is the sink? i love it.
output: what size is the sink? what size is the sink? i love the reclaimed wood, and it looks like a modern kitchen.

input: where is the window from?
target: where is the window from? what are the dimensions? i love everything about this kitchen, and i am actually using it as my primary inspiration for my reno!
output: where is the window from? what are the dimensions? thank you.

input: where are the cabinet pulls from?
target: where are the cabinet pulls from? thank you, . i have these cabinets, love the pulls
output: love the kitchen. where are the cabinet pulls from? cabinets?

input: could you please tell me the information on the range hood/cover?
target: beautiful kitchen . could you please tell me the information on the range hood/cover? manufacturer info, etc. where could i buy it?
output: love the range hood. could you please tell me the information on the range hood/cover? manufacturer?

input: gorgeous counter what is the manufacturer, material and name?
target: gorgeous counter what is the manufacturer, material and name? also, what is the width? thanks so much!
output: gorgeous counter what is the manufacturer, material and name? also, what is the width? thanks.

input: i know you had replied that your marble company goes by number.any way to have the number of the island and perimeter granite?
target: granite question . i know you had replied that your marble company goes by number.any way to have the number of the island and perimeter granite? this is the most beautiful kitchen i have seen! thanks, kathy
output: granite question. i know you had replied that your marble company goes by number. any way to have the number of the island and perimeter granite? this is the most beautiful kitchen i've seen! thanks, kathy

input: who makes those beautiful chairs?
target: who makes those beautiful chairs? gorgeous kitchen.i am looking for chairs like that for my new house. thank you.
output: who makes those beautiful chairs? gorgeous kitchen. i am looking for chairs like that for my new kitchen. thank you!

input: question, are there any kind of recessed lighting inside of it, such as led or rope or anything?
target: ceiling treatment. love lov e love it. question, are there any kind of recessed lighting inside of it, such as led or rope or anything? it's a piece of art, all on it's own!
output: ceiling treatment. love this! question, are there any kind of recessed lighting inside of it, such as led or rope or anything? and what is the color/name? it's striking.

input: are there any lights inside the trough, and if so, what kind.
target: on the island light (ceiling). are there any lights inside the trough, and if so, what kind. led rope/strip/fluorescent? thank you!
output: are there any lights inside the trough, and if so, what kind. led? lights in the trough? i have a led strip on the bottom and the in the section between the sink and the wall. it's nice. thanks!

input: where did the chandeliers come from?
target: chandeliers . where did the chandeliers come from? are they by ebanista?
output: where did the chandeliers come from? i would like to know the singers and also the color of the walls. this is my inspiration!

input: what are the colors/wood used in the cabinets?
target: cabinet colors . what are the colors/wood used in the cabinets? this kitchen is gorgeous!
output: cabinets. what are the colors/wood used in the cabinets? this kitchen is gorgeous!

input: what tile and accents were used and where can they be purchased?
target: this is a beautiful backsplash. what tile and accents were used and where can they be purchased? we hope to build a home in the next year in wv and would love to use this backsplash or something similar in our kitchen. thank you!
output: this is a beautiful backsplash. what tile and accents were used and where can they be purchased? we hope to build a home in the next year in wv and would love to use this backsplash or something similar in our kitchen. thank you!

input: is the island color the same color as the trim in the window?
target: is the island color the same color as the trim in the window? i was planning to do the trim and doors in our new addition white but the island i chose was more of an off white. i wasn't sure if that was acceptable to do.
output: is the island color the same color as the trim in the window? i was planning to do the trim and doors in our new addition white but the island i chose was more of an off white. i wasn't sure if that was acceptable to do.

input: would you please let me know color and if it's travertine?
target: tile? would you please let me know color and if it's travertine? thanks!
output: tile? would you please let me know color and if it's travertine? thanks!

input: what are the approximate measurements of the island?
target: island . beautiful island! what are the approximate measurements of the island? what type of wood was used for the top tier?
output: island. beautiful room! what are the approximate measurements of the island? what type of wood is the?

input: where do i purchase chandeliers?
target: chandeliers . where do i purchase chandeliers? beautiful
output: chandeliers. where do i purchase chandeliers? beautiful

input: is it possible to add bar extension as shown here?
target: srik . we have a flat but huge island. is it possible to add bar extension as shown here? thanks.
output: srik. we have a flat but huge island. is it possible to add bar extension as shown here? thanks.

input: where are the island corbels from?
target: corbels . where are the island corbels from? how long are they
output: corbels. where are the island corbels from? how long are they

input: what appliances are in the island besides the sink?
target: i love the island design and granite choice . its a little difficult to determine the color of the granite on the island. what appliances are in the island besides the sink? i would appreciate an answer a.s.a.p. i am ready to choose a granite this week. thank you
output: appliances. what appliances are in the island besides the sink? where can they be purchased? thanks!

input: what color granite was used on the darker cabinets?
target: what color granite was used on the darker cabinets? i have dark cherry cabinets with onyx glaze in my new kitchen and would love to go with a dark granite but i am having a difficult time choosing one. i was thinking uba tuba but the fabricator is trying to talk me out of it because he said it is too common
output: what color granite was used on the darker cabinets? i have dark cherry cabinets with onyx glaze in my new kitchen and would love to go with dark granite. thanks!

input: does it mimic the shape of the coffered ceiling?
target: i love those barstools! i would like to know where to purchase them. also what is the shape of the island? i love those barstools! i would like to know where to purchase them. also what is the shape of this kitchen island? does it mimic the shape of the coffered ceiling?
output: i like the glimmer of the ceiling. does it mimic the shape of the coffered ceiling? what is the actual size of the vaulted ceiling?

input: do you have pics of the rest of the renovation of the house?
target: do you have pics of the rest of the renovation of the house? i love this and would love to see how iit flhouse . do you have pics of the rest of the houses renovation, i absolutely love this kitchen! and would love to see the rest of the house and it's layout
output: do you have pics of the rest of the renovation of the house? i love this and would love to see how iit flhouse. do you have pics of the rest of the houses renovation, i absolutely love this kitchen! and it is also a great idea for this kitchen. and what is the content of the images?

input: can you tell me the names of these granites?
target: kitchen ideas for new house . i love the use of different granites on island and perimeter cabinetry. can you tell me the names of these granites? what is the paint color for the the island? the cabinets?
output: i love the granites. can you tell me the names of these granites? what is the color?

input: where are they from!!
target: i love the chairs. where are they from!! they are so beautiful.
output: i love the chairs. where are they from! ! they are so beautiful.

input: where is the flooring from?
target: nice kitchen! where is the flooring from? where is the rug from?
output: nice! where is the flooring from? where is the rug from?

input: what are the dimensions?
target: bench seating . great bench seating. what are the dimensions?
output: bench seating. great bench seating. what are the dimensions?

input: what a cute rug in front of the sink!
target: rug . what a cute rug in front of the sink! where can it be purchased? thank you.
output: rug. what a cute rug in front of the sink! where can it be purchased? thank you.

input: how do i find just the right white.
target: picking white paint . i need white paint to go in an entrance way and run through into the kitchen. the cupboards are also white. how do i find just the right white.
output: picking white paint. i need white paint to go in an entrance way and run through into the kitchen. how do i find just the right white.

input: i am wondering if you would be willing to share any information about the island bar stools?
target: island bar stools? what a beautiful design! i am wondering if you would be willing to share any information about the island bar stools? i love the industrial look with a small diameter base. thxs.
output: island bar stools? what a beautiful design! i am wondering if you would be willing to share any information about the island bar stools? i love the industrial look with a small diameter base. thxs.

input: what is the slab on the island made of?
target: this is definitely my dream kitchen, so spacious, so serene. what is the slab on the island made of? thanks.
output: this is definitely my dream kitchen, so spacious, so serene. what is the slab on the island made of? thanks.

input: can you please tell me how high the upper cabinets are?
target: cabinet height / company . can you please tell me how high the upper cabinets are? are they top hinge cabinets . one door hinged that folds up on each cabinet? were they custom? thank you
output: upper cabinets. can you please tell me how high the upper cabinets are? height/ceiling?

input: if yes, what stain is it please?
target: are these cabinets stained? if yes, what stain is it please? thank you
output: is this walnut? if yes, what stain is it please? thank you

input: i saw the island color, but the other cabinets?
target: cabinet color, not island . what are the cabinet colors? i saw the island color, but the other cabinets?
output: i saw the island color, but the other cabinets? looking for overall white to go with the gray tile. i saw the island color, but the other cabinets? this is my favv and everything just looks like it!

input: can you please share information about the tile behind the stove.
target: backsplash tile . can you please share information about the tile behind the stove. material, color, size?
output: backsplash tile. can you please share information about the tile behind the stove. manufacturer and model of it?

input: do you happen to know the width of the glass in the cabinets?
target: cabinet glass width? do you happen to know the width of the glass in the cabinets? thank you!
output: do you happen to know the width of the glass in the cabinets? i'm wondering if anyone else has noticed this. thank you,

input: can you tell me the material and color used on the island.
target: island . can you tell me the material and color used on the island. thank you
output: island. can you tell me the material and color used on the island. thank you

input: may i ask what benjamin moore colors you used for the cabinets and island?
target: what are the color of the cabinets and island? this is such a beautiful kitchen. the colors, glass cabinets and countertops you used are just outstanding. may i ask what benjamin moore colors you used for the cabinets and island? thanks so much for your time and for sharing this wonderful room.
output: what is the color of the cabinets and island? this is such a beautiful kitchen. may i ask what benjamin moore colors you used for the cabinets and island? i am considering redoing my kitchen and would like to use more that that is acceptable to the designer. thank you in advance!

input: can you provide any info regarding size, finish, color, manufacturer, or retailer?
target: what is the backsplash? i really like the backsplash. can you provide any info regarding size, finish, color, manufacturer, or retailer? thanks!
output: what is the backsplash? i really like the backsplash. can you provide any info regarding size, finish, color, manufacturer, or retailer? thanks!

input: manufacturer of the cabinetry hardware?
target: hardware for cabinetry? manufacturer of the cabinetry hardware? beautiful kitchen
output: hardware for cabinetry? manufacturer of the cabinetry hardware? beautiful kitchen

input: what paint color did you use on the island?
target: island paint color . what paint color did you use on the island? it looks fantastic!
output: island paint color. hello, i'd like to know the color of the island. what paint color did you use on the island? thanks!

input: in order to achieve this look how closely is the tile laid ?
target: when grouting what is the recommended spacing . in order to achieve this look how closely is the tile laid ? is there grout between tiles ?
output: when grouting what is the recommended spacing. in order to achieve this look how closely is the tile laid? is there grout between tiles?

input: do you remember the knobs?
target: love the hardware! are those rh gilmore? do you remember the knobs?
output: love the hardware! are those rh gilmore? do you remember the knobs?

input: could you please tell me the ceiling height ??
target: ceiling . could you please tell me the ceiling height ?? thanks !
output: ceiling. could you please tell me the ceiling height? ? and cabinet size?

input: what size are tiles and who makes them?
target: backsplash . love backsplash design. what size are tiles and who makes them?
output: backsplash. what size are tiles and who makes them? thanks

input: please please can you tell me who makes these pendant lights?
target: who makes the pendant lights please!! thank you! please please can you tell me who makes these pendant lights? thank you!
output: who makes the pendant lights please! ! thank you. please please can you tell me who makes these pendant lights? thank you!

input: are the cabinets flat panel?
target: cabinets . love this kitchen!! are the cabinets flat panel?
output: cabinets. are the cabinets flat panel? if so what is the material?

input: who made the custom hood?
target: beautiful kitchen! who made the custom hood? thanks!
output: beautiful kitchen! who made the custom hood? thanks!

input: do you recall the maker of the sink?
target: beautiful sink . who makes it? do you recall the maker of the sink?
output: beautiful sink. who makes it? do you recall the maker of the sink?

input: is it a chrome finish?
target: gorgeous kitchen! who makes the faucet? is it a chrome finish? thank you!!
output: is it a chrome finish? i have a client that wants a client. is it a chrome finish?

input: wow beautiful kitchen , what tile is used for the backsplash ?
target: kitchen . wow beautiful kitchen , what tile is used for the backsplash ? thank you
output: backsplash. wow beautiful kitchen, what tile is used for the backsplash? thank you

input: what paint color was used?
target: paint color . what paint color was used? it's beautiful ty
output: paint color. what paint color was used? it's beautiful ty

input: can you tell me the dimensions of the island?
target: island . can you tell me the dimensions of the island? thanks.
output: dimensions. can you tell me the dimensions of the island? thanks

input: how tall are ceilings?
target: how tall are ceilings? where do i get beams? stain color of beams?
output: how tall are ceilings? where do i get beams? stain color of beams?

input: what is it?
target: love the backsplash. what is it? brand/name. interesting texture.
output: countertops. i love the countertop on the perimeter. what is it?

input: can you share the name and manufacturer of the lights?
target: pendant lighting . can you share the name and manufacturer of the lights? thank you!
output: lighting. can you share the name and manufacturer of the lights? thanks!

input: what exhaust hood company makes that hood?
target: what exhaust hood company makes that hood? i want one . yohanah
output: what exhaust hood company makes that hood? i want one. yohanah

input: can you please tell me what kind of tile is used on the back splash?
target: back splash . can you please tell me what kind of tile is used on the back splash? thanks a bunch!!
output: back splash. can you please tell me what kind of tile is used on the back splash? thanks a bunch! !

input: how thick is your wooden countertop and what is the overhang?
target: countertop overhang? how thick is your wooden countertop and what is the overhang? thanks.
output: countertop overhang? how thick is your wooden countertop and what is the overhang? thanks

input: can you tell me the drawer face dimensions for the ones on the right of the face frame stiles and rails width?
target: what are the dimensions of the drawers and face frame stile and rails? remodelling my kitchen and having a hard time to find proportions for inset cabinets. specifically the face frame stiles and rails width and the height of the top drawers. can you tell me the drawer face dimensions for the ones on the right of the face frame stiles and rails width? thanks.
output: face frame stile and rails. can you tell me the drawer face dimensions for the ones on the right of the face frame stiles and rails width? thanks

input: just wondering what is a good distance to keep around the island?
target: island . beautifully designed! how space is between the island and back counter? just wondering what is a good distance to keep around the island? thanks!
output: island. beautifully designed! how space is between the island and back counter? just wondering what is a good distance to keep around the island?

input: what are the dimensions of that island?
target: love this! what are the dimensions of that island? thanks :)
output: love this! what are the dimensions of that island? thanks: )

input: can you tell me how high the ceilings are in this kitchen?
target: this kitchen is perfection! can you tell me how high the ceilings are in this kitchen? also, what material are the perimeter countertops? love this room!
output: this kitchen is beautiful! can you tell me how high the ceilings are in this kitchen? also, what are the floors? the kitchen dimensions?

input: custom made?
target: love the pot rack. custom made? looking for a stable (no chains) pot rack to go over sink. prefer single rod.
output: love the pot rack. custom made? looking for a stable(no chains) pot rack to go over sink. prefer single rod.

input: what color are the cabinets?
target: what color are the cabinets? i am looking for a light cream color for farmhouse kitchen. thank you! i love this kitchen!
output: what color are the cabinets? i am looking for a light cream color for farmhouse kitchen. thank you!

input: hello, what range hood did you spec?
target: range hood question . hello, what range hood did you spec? so many have the controls on the front and the wood would cover them up. this hood appears to have the controls underneath. absolutely beautiful kitchen by the way. thanks!
output: range hood question. hello, what range hood did you spec? so many have the controls on the front and the wood would cover them up. this hood appears to have the controls underneath. thanks!

input: can you tell me about the construction of this island?
target: can you tell me about the construction of this island? what materials were used and what are the dimensions? thanks.
output: can you tell me about the construction of this island? what materials were used and what are the dimensions? thanks.

input: can you tell me the brand of paint and colors you used on the cabinets?
target: beautiful cabinets! can you tell me the brand of paint and colors you used on the cabinets? and the grey ceiling looks so nice with your design!
output: cabinets. can you tell me the brand of paint and colors you used on the cabinets? thanks

input: do you know the manufacturer of the large black window over the sink?
target: kitchen window . love the window as the kitchen focal point . do you know the manufacturer of the large black window over the sink?
output: window. do you know the manufacturer of the large black window over the sink? thank you.

input: can you please tell me what was used/done to create this look with the polished cement floors?
target: polished cement floors . can you please tell me what was used/done to create this look with the polished cement floors? was a color added or used? if so, which color and brand?
output: i am in love with the polished cement floors. can you please tell me what was used/done to create this look with the polished cement floors? i have been searching and have had no luck. i would like to know the exact product. thank you,

input: what is the wall color?
target: love the color scheme!!! what is the wall color? and cabinet color?
output: wall color. what is the wall color? and cabinet color?

input: can you please tell me the cabinet colour?
target: can you please tell me the cabinet colour? i am interested in the cabinet colour. it is beautiful . not too dark andamp. not to pale.
output: can you please tell me the cabinet colour? i am interested in the cabinet colour. it is beautiful. not too dark andamp. not to pale.

input: what is the largest size cabinet drawer on which these pulls are used?
target: largest cabinet drawer . i love the cabinet hardware, but i'm trying to decide if 6 inches will be long enough for my larger drawers. what is the largest size cabinet drawer on which these pulls are used? thank you.
output: largest cabinet drawer. i'm in love with the cabinet hardware. what is the largest size cabinet drawer on which these pulls are used? what is the largest size cabinet drawer on which these pulls are used?

input: have you experienced this?
target: marble backsplash behind stove . we are in the process of designing our kitchen. i love the look of the marble slab behind the range, but was curious about any grease/food stains that may etch/stain while cooking. have you experienced this? thank you!
output: marble backsplash behind stove. we are in the process of designing our kitchen. it will be perfect for our new kitchen. have you experienced this? thank you!

input: are the counter stools original emeco nine.o chairs or a replica?
target: counter stools . great kitchen! are the counter stools original emeco nine.o chairs or a replica?
output: counter stools. great kitchen! are the counter stools original emeco nine. o chairs or a replica?

input: where did you get that sink?
target: sink . where did you get that sink? love it
output: sink. where did you get that sink? love it

input: i love the cabinets, can you tell me who makes them?
target: cabinets . i love the cabinets, can you tell me who makes them? thanks!
output: cabinets. i love the cabinets, can you tell me who makes them? thanks!

input: what is the faucet?
target: faucet . what is the faucet? love it?
output: faucet. what is the faucet? thank you.

input: is there a cabinet color very similar to this that you would recommend?
target: cabinet color . is there a cabinet color very similar to this that you would recommend? thanks!
output: is there a cabinet color very similar to this that you would recommend? your kitchen is beautiful. i am inspired by this color and thank you for making it so perfect.

input: can you tell me what it is and who manufactures it?
target: the backsplash is beautiful. can you tell me what it is and who manufactures it? thanks
output: the backsplash is beautiful. can you tell me what it is and who manufactures it? thank you

input: where can i find them?
target: i love the open shelves! where can i find them? thanks.
output: this kitchen is to die for: . ) ) especially love these bar stools! ! ! where can i find them?

input: what size in the tile?
target: what size in the tile? gorgeous kitchen. love the herringbone with this size.
output: what size in the tile? is this a 30" or 42" ? thanks!

input: where are the floating shelves from?
target: where are the floating shelves from? did you tile before/after hanging . so pretty!
output: where are the floating shelves from? did you tile before/after hanging. so pretty!

input: hi, can you please tell me the color paint you used for the cabinets?
target: cabinet paint color . hi, can you please tell me the color paint you used for the cabinets? thank you very much!
output: cabinets. hi, can you please tell me the color paint you used for the cabinets? thank you.

input: where is it from?
target: i love this hardware! where is it from? thank you!
output: like the backsplash tile very much. where is it from? what style?

input: who makes the hardware used on the cabinets?
target: cabinet hardware . who makes the hardware used on the cabinets? where can they be purchased?
output: cabinet hardware. who makes the hardware used on the cabinets? where can they be purchased?

input: what is the make/model?
target: faucet . i like the faucet? what is the make/model? thanks!
output: faucet. i like the faucet? what is the make/model? thanks!

input: source?
target: lights . love the lighting. source? thanks
output: lights. love the lighting. source? thanks

input: where did you get your lights, particularly the one over the table.
target: lighting . where did you get your lights, particularly the one over the table. thank you!
output: lighting. where did you get your lights, particularly the one over the table. thank you

input: cold water filtration system?
target: faucet . what brand is the faucet? is that a hot andamp. cold water filtration system? if so what brand please. really beautiful job!!
output: faucet. what is the brand of the faucet? is that a hot andamp. cold water filtration system? if so what brand is it? thank you.

input: can you tell me the faucet finish?
target: faucet finish . can you tell me the faucet finish? thanks. love your work.
output: faucet finish. can you tell me the faucet finish? thanks

input: can you please tell me who makes the range hood!
target: love the range hood . can you please tell me who makes the range hood! or was it a custom job? if so, would you know the stain? thank you so much! gorgeous kitchen!
output: love the range hood. can you please tell me who makes the range hood! or was it a custom job? if so, what's the finish? thanks

input: what is material?
target: nice flooring. what is material? brand and name?
output: nice flooring. what is material? brand and name?

input: can you share the dimensions for the island?
target: kitchen island . love this entire kitchen. can you share the dimensions for the island?
output: dimensions. can you share the dimensions for the island? beautiful kitchen!

input: i love your kitchen and am curious if you used sherwin williams proclassic alkyd paint for cabinets?
target: type of paint . alkyd or acrylic/latex? i love your kitchen and am curious if you used sherwin williams proclassic alkyd paint for cabinets? i am concerned about yellowing with the bright white and wanted to see what type you used. thank you in advance!
output: sherwin williams proclassic alkyd paint for cabinets? this is a beautiful kitchen. i love your kitchen and am curious if you used sherwin williams proclassic alkyd paint for cabinets? it's stunning!

input: can you tell me what you used for the backsplash?
target: backsplash . i love love love this kitchen! can you tell me what you used for the backsplash?
output: backsplash. can you tell me what you used for the backsplash? this room came out great.

input: for full overlay, how much should the space be between drawers/cabinet doors?
target: cabinets . for full overlay, how much should the space be between drawers/cabinet doors? thanks!
output: cabinets. for full overlay, how much should the space be between drawers/cabinet doors? thanks!

input: you know how much i admire your work and often feature it on my blog, you are an inspiration!
target: flooring and counters. can you please share any information about the floor and counters? thank you. i also want to thank you for always answering to our questions here. you know how much i admire your work and often feature it on my blog, you are an inspiration!
output: flooring and counters. can you please share any information about the flooring? you know how much i admire your work and often feature it on my blog, you are an inspiration!

input: can you please share the wall/cabinets paint color and lighting source?
target: paint color and lighting. can you please share the wall/cabinets paint color and lighting source? thank you.
output: paint color and lighting. can you please share the wall/cabinets paint color and lighting source? thank you.

input: could you tell me the sink manufacturer?
target: kitchen sink size and brand . could you tell me the sink manufacturer? beautiful.
output: kitchen sink size and brand. could you tell me the sink manufacturer? this is a beautiful kitchen. thank you.

input: are the counters macaubas white?
target: quartzite counters? stunning kitchen. are the counters macaubas white? thanks
output: counters. are the counters macaubas white? please. thanks

input: hi, love the stainless steel backsplash over the range and the water filler, where can i get the backsplash?
target: stainless steel backsplash over the range and pot filler . hi, love the stainless steel backsplash over the range and the water filler, where can i get the backsplash? and how to fit the pot filler to the backsplash ? is there any specific measurement ?
output: stainless steel backsplash over the range and pot filler. hi, love the stainless steel backsplash over the range and the water filler, where can i get the backsplash? and how to fit the pot filler to the backsplash? is there any specific measurement?

input: can you please tell me the longest length of the marble used on the island?
target: i'm in love with the zebrino marble! can you please tell me the longest length of the marble used on the island? i was hoping to do white macaubus on mine but was recently told it doesn't come long enough. i am doing a 10' island and would need 136" to accommodate a 2.5 mitered edge. any suggestions? i love the movement in both aforementioned materials!
output: i have a client that loves the countertop. can you please tell me the longest length of the marble used on the island? i was hoping to do white macaubus on hers but was recently told it doesn't stick out. any information would be appreciated. thanks!

input: wondering if its affect storage by taking the upper cabinets out?
target: can you please specify the exact size of the island? beautifully done kitchen!! wondering if its affect storage by taking the upper cabinets out?
output: can you please specify the exact size of the island? this kitchen is stunning! ! wondering if its affect storage by taking the upper cabinets out?

input: can you please let me know the type and measurement of wood that you used in the pantry with the galvanized pipe?
target: pantry with wood shelves and pipe . can you please let me know the type and measurement of wood that you used in the pantry with the galvanized pipe? also where do you find pipe like that for the shelving?
output: pantry with wood shelves and pipe. can you please let me know the type and measurement of wood that you used in the pantry with the galvanized pipe? also, what is the wood that you used in the pantry with the galvanized pipe? thanks

input: what is the type of material used on the island counter, and what is it called?
target: island countertop? what is the type of material used on the island counter, and what is it called? it is unusually beautiful!
output: island countertop? what is the type of material used on the island counter, and what is it called? it is unusually beautiful!

input: who are the manufactures of these cabinets?
target: cabinets? who makes them? who are the manufactures of these cabinets? they’re so gorgeous.
output: who are the manufactures of these cabinets? and the overall dimensions? thanks!

input: who makes the cabinet knobs and what is the finish on the knobs?
target: please tell me about the cabinet knobs, the supplier and the finish. who makes the cabinet knobs and what is the finish on the knobs? thank you.
output: please help. who makes the cabinet knobs and what is the finish on the knobs? thank you.

input: what is the brand and size of the backsplash tiles.
target: backsplash question . what is the brand and size of the backsplash tiles. gorgeous!
output: backsplash question. what is the brand and size of the backsplash tiles. thanks

input: island dimensions and color .
target: island dimensions and color . above comment says 39” i need width too. also color clarification, looks turquoise to me not colonial blue
output: island dimensions and color. i would love to know the measurements of the island and width of the countertop. thanks!

input: the floor, the island.the wood?
target: the floor, the island.the wood? hickory on the floor? no clue on island. sure is pretty!
output: the floor, the island. the wood? hickory on the floor? hickory on the floor? thanks

input: can you tell me where the light above the island is from?
target: light above island . can you tell me where the light above the island is from? its beautiful! i love the rough hammered iron frame!
output: light above island. can you tell me where the light above the island is from? its beautiful! i love the rough hammered iron frame!

input: i was wondering if you could share who did the cabinets?
target: cabinet maker . this kitchen is stunning! i was wondering if you could share who did the cabinets? thanks
output: cabinet maker. this is a gorgeous kitchen! i was wondering if you could share who did the cabinets? thanks!

input: this kitchen cabinet treatment is absolutely stunning and exactly how i'd like to refinish our existing quarter sewn oak cabinets.
target: kitchen cabinets . this kitchen cabinet treatment is absolutely stunning and exactly how i'd like to refinish our existing quarter sewn oak cabinets. who did the work on the cabinets? would love to talk to you about our kitchen project in oakland if you're interested.
output: is there a microwave? this kitchen cabinet treatment is absolutely stunning and exactly how i'd like to refinish our existing quarter sewn oak cabinets. who does the work with the butcher block as well. where did you get the butcher block?

input: could you please provide details on the manufacturer and style?
target: wall light fixture . love the wall light fixture. could you please provide details on the manufacturer and style?
output: wall light fixture. i love the wall light fixture. could you please provide details on the manufacturer and style?

input: can you please tell me the brand and the color of the fireplace stacked stone?
target: stacked stone is gorgeous . can you please tell me the brand and the color of the fireplace stacked stone? thank you.
output: stacked stone is gorgeous. can you please tell me the brand and the color of the fireplace stacked stone? thank you.

input: what the best one
target: what is the. best soap dispenser to buy . have island sink and need to buy a soap dispenser . what the best one
output: what is the. best soap dispenser to buy. have island sink and need to buy a soap dispenser. what the best one

input: are the handles and knobs by richelieu?
target: hardware? beautiful. are the handles and knobs by richelieu?
output: hardware? beautiful. are the handles and knobs by richelieu?

input: please share maker or where you sourced the pendants in this room .
target: pendants . please share maker or where you sourced the pendants in this room . they are lovely. thank you.
output: pendants. please share maker or where you sourced the pendants in this room. they are lovely. thank you.

input: if you have them, would you mind sharing the dimensions of the island?
target: dimensions of island? if you have them, would you mind sharing the dimensions of the island? thanks!
output: dimensions of island? if you have them, would you mind sharing the dimensions of the island? thanks!

input: hi .can you please tell me the brand and model of the kitchen faucet and adjacent beverage faucet?
target: faucets . hi .can you please tell me the brand and model of the kitchen faucet and adjacent beverage faucet? thanks so much.
output: faucets. hi. can you please tell me the brand and model of the kitchen faucet and adjacent beverage faucet? thanks

input: i am also not sure about tiling to ceiling where the hood is continuing from backsplash.
target: my kitchen . beautiful kitchen. thank you for taking my question. i am doing my backsplash in marble 4x12 subway layout. is the photo showing a honed backsplash with gloss counters. i am also not sure about tiling to ceiling where the hood is continuing from backsplash. but i don't know if i should paint with an interesting color or continue tile the tile will need to be cut because of size and change the look.
output: my kitchen. is the hood custom made? where can i get it? i am doing a kitchen in grout and i am having alot of trouble. i am also not sure about tiling to ceiling where the hood is continuing from backsplash. but, what is the material?

input: what are the ceiling heights and how tall are the upper cabinets?
target: ceiling height . what are the ceiling heights and how tall are the upper cabinets? beautiful kitchen!
output: ceiling heights. what are the ceiling heights and how tall are the upper cabinets? beautiful kitchen!

input: can you tell me what brand they are?
target: hood and fridge . i love this hood and fridge!! can you tell me what brand they are? this kitchen is absolutely amazing!
output: cabinets. i love this pantry. can you tell me what brand they are?

input: how was the edge of the tile finished off.
target: tile around window . how was the edge of the tile finished off. i would like to do something similar in my kitchen. it looks great!
output: tile finished off. i have a client that loves the tile. how was the edge of the tile finished off. thank you.

input: do you know who is the mfg of the window?
target: window . do you know who is the mfg of the window? trying to locate a large awning. thanks!
output: window. do you know who is the mfg of the window? thanks

input: what is the wall covering .
target: what is the wall covering . tile? where can it be purchased? the wall is absolutely gorgeous. i would like to know the source/style/color.
output: what is the wall covering. tile? where can it be purchased? thanks.

input: where did the floating shelves come from?
target: floating shelves . where did the floating shelves come from? or were they custom? thanks!
output: where did the floating shelves come from? or were they custom? thanks!

input: understand its brookhaven wood.mode, is it a full laminate?
target: cabinets . what color is the finish? understand its brookhaven wood.mode, is it a full laminate?
output: cabinets. what color is the finish? understand its brookhaven wood. mode, is it a full laminate?

input: does the countertop sit directly on top of the frameless cabinet?
target: great cabinets . does the countertop sit directly on top of the frameless cabinet? any trouble with drawer clearance?
output: great cabinets. does the countertop sit directly on top of the frameless cabinet? any trouble with drawer clearance?

input: can you please tell me which way this sink was installed?
target: sink . can you please tell me which way this sink was installed? rounded or squared?
output: sink. can you please tell me which way this sink was installed? rounded or squared?

input: can you tell me the length of the kitchen and the distance from the island to the wall cabinets and from the island the end walls?
target: dimensions . i believe in an earlier e.mail, i saw that the island is 12' long. can you tell me the length of the kitchen and the distance from the island to the wall cabinets and from the island the end walls? my kitchen is similar to this and i am remodeling. i would love an island like this one? thanks
output: dimensions. i believe in an earlier e. mail, i saw that the island is 12' long. can you tell me the length of the kitchen and the distance from the island to the wall cabinets and from the island the end walls? my kitchen is similar to this and i am remodeling. i would love an island like this? thanks

input: what size is the triple casement window?
target: what size is the triple casement window? is this a 5 foot triple casement window? what brand is it?
output: what size is the triple casement window? what is the floor finish? and cabinet dimensions?

input: what finish are the island cabinets?
target: island cabinets . what finish are the island cabinets? they are a ice compliment to the white paint surrounding. add warmth i'm considering a similar look by custom cabinet maker. thank you.
output: island cabinets. what finish are the island cabinets? they are beautiful. thanks!

input: could you please share the manufacturer and finish of the hardware?
target: kitchen hardware . could you please share the manufacturer and finish of the hardware? love it!!
output: kitchen hardware. could you please share the manufacturer and finish of the hardware? love the overall look. thanks!

input: is that real wood?
target: the floor is gorgeous! the floor is gorgeous. is that real wood? what type?
output: the floor is gorgeous! the floor is gorgeous. is that real wood? what type?

input: can you advise who makes them?
target: who makes the pulls? can you advise who makes them? possibly model name/number?
output: who makes the pulls? can you advise who makes them? and what are the dimensions?

input: am having a hard time finding where to find something this rich looking.
target: love the maple countertop! where could i find that? we're doing a complete kitchen remodel and i love the warmth of the wood on my island. am having a hard time finding where to find something this rich looking.
output: love the maple countertop! where can i find it? we are doing a kitchen reno in the same style that we are dealing with. am having a hard time finding where to find something this rich looking.

input: the island in white seems to float in the space rather than being a giant monolith taking up the whole kitchen.
target: love the white island! just a comment that reversing the paint scheme from the usual of dark on island and white on perimeter cabinets is brilliant! the island in white seems to float in the space rather than being a giant monolith taking up the whole kitchen. your kitchen is beautiful.
output: love the white island! just a comment that reversing the paint scheme from the usual of dark on island and white on perimeter cabinets is brilliant! the island in white seems to float in the space rather than being a giant monolith taking up the whole kitchen. your kitchen is beautiful.

input: is it the same as the island, bm intense white?
target: kitchen trim color = intense white? can you share the coler of the trim? is it the same as the island, bm intense white? thank you!!! love your work. love this kitchen.
output: kitchen trim color=intense white? can you share the coler of the trim? is it the same as the island, bm intense white? thank you!

input: could you please tell me the brand and finish on the disposal button on the countertop next to kitchen faucet.
target: button for garage disposal . could you please tell me the brand and finish on the disposal button on the countertop next to kitchen faucet. thanks.
output: button for garage disposal. could you please tell me the brand and finish on the disposal button on the countertop next to kitchen faucet. thanks.

input: can u plz tell me what kind of tile and counter top are used in this kitchen?
target: love the tile and counter tops . can u plz tell me what kind of tile and counter top are used in this kitchen? where can i find them? thanks so much!
output: tile and counter tops. can u plz tell me what kind of tile and counter top are used in this kitchen? where can i find them? thanks.

input: looking for artist of fruit oils on counters ?
target: beautiful kitchen! where is the apple and pear art from? love the blac . looking for artist of fruit oils on counters ?
output: beautiful kitchen! where is the apple and pear art from? looking for artist of fruit oils on counters?

input: if known, will you please let me know the dimensions of the entire island?
target: island dimensions? if known, will you please let me know the dimensions of the entire island? thanks!
output: dimensions of the entire island? if known, will you please let me know the dimensions of the entire island? thanks!

input: can you please provide the manufacturer and color?
target: stunning kitchen! i would love information about the tile backsplash. can you please provide the manufacturer and color?
output: i love the cabinet color. can you please provide the manufacturer and color? thanks

input: could you possibly tell me who manufactures the pulls?
target: cabinet pulls . this is a gorgeous kitchen and similar in materials and colors as our renovation. could you possibly tell me who manufactures the pulls? thank you!
output: cabinet pulls. this is a gorgeous kitchen and welcoming of all the of great living in this space. could you possibly tell me who manufactures the pulls? thank you!

input: were the floors original to the house and were they refinished?
target: were the floors original to the house and were they refinished? love the color of this floor. is it red oak? what stain is used?
output: were the floors original to the house and were they refinished? if so what is the stain color? thank you

input: please tell me where you purchased the sink.
target: i love the kitchen!! the farmhouse sink is classic! please tell me where you purchased the sink. any other details like the name and model number would be appreciated. thanks!
output: i love the kitchen! the farmhouse sink is classic! please tell me where you purchased the sink. any other details like the name and model number would be appreciated. thanks

input: where are the cabinets from?
target: cabinets? where are the cabinets from? are the custom? i love everything about this kitchen!
output: cabinets. where are the cabinets from? name?

input: can you tell me who makes the faucet?
target: love faucet . can you tell me who makes the faucet? thank you!
output: faucet. can you tell me who makes the faucet? thanks

input: can i please have the source?
target: backsplash . love this backsplash! can i please have the source?
output: backsplash. love this backsplash. can i please have the source?

input: i love the doors to the wash/dryer, where can i get the hardware?
target: love the doors to wash/dryer . where can i get the hardware . i love the doors to the wash/dryer, where can i get the hardware? thanks
output: love the doors to wash/dryer. where can i get the hardware. i love the doors to the wash/dryer, where can i get the hardware? thanks

input: could you please tell me how tall the ceilings are in this room?
target: beautiful lanterns! i am considering these lanterns for my new kitchen but i am concerned about the height. could you please tell me how tall the ceilings are in this room? this is one of my favorite homes on houzz!
output: this kitchen is beautiful! could you please tell me how tall the ceilings are in this room? also, what are the dimensions? i love your work!

input: can you tell me dimensions of the kitchen?
target: dimensions . can you tell me dimensions of the kitchen? particularly, the distance from island to window alcove. awesome work.
output: dimensions. can you tell me dimensions of the kitchen? and, if so, as to the countertops? thanks!

input: i may have missed the answer somewhere, my apologies if so, but, what is paint color used on cabinets and trim?
target: beautiful and inspiring. i may have missed the answer somewhere, my apologies if so, but, what is paint color used on cabinets and trim? thank you!
output: i may have missed the answer somewhere, my apologies if so, but, what is paint color used on cabinets and trim? i have been searching and everyone i have been able to find it. thank you, nancy

input: i love this stone and limestone floor but i need to have brick on my house and was wondering what brick would look good with this stone.
target: brick . is their any brick on this house? i love this stone and limestone floor but i need to have brick on my house and was wondering what brick would look good with this stone. thank you so much!!
output: brick. is their any brick on this house? i love this stone and limestone floor but i need to have brick on my house and was wondering what brick would look good with this stone. thank you so much for your help!

input: hi, do you know how tall the ceilings are?
target: ceiling height . hi, do you know how tall the ceilings are? thanks
output: ceiling height. hi, do you know how tall the ceilings are? thanks

input: can you please share the source of the island and nook light fixtures.
target: lighting. can you please share the source of the island and nook light fixtures. i appreciate it.
output: lighting. can you please share the source of the island and nook light fixtures. i appreciate it.

input: we are considering floor to ceiling cabinetry, what type of look does that achieve?
target: floor to ceiling cabinets, achieves what time of look? we are considering floor to ceiling cabinetry, what type of look does that achieve? we were a bit hesitant with only 10 foot ceiling that floor to ceiling cabinetry would take away from the height of the room. perhaps a certain colors do better than others? looking forward to the responses!
output: floor to ceiling cabinetry, achieves what time of look? we are considering floor to ceiling cabinetry, what type of look does that achieve? we were a bit hesitant with only 10 foot ceiling that floor to ceiling cabinetry would take away from the height of the room. we would like to do floor to ceiling cabinetry, if possible, what color is it?

input: could you tell me the distance between the edge of the window seat and the edge of the island?
target: beautiful! could you tell me the distance between the edge of the window seat and the edge of the island? thank you!
output: love this! could you tell me the distance between the edge of the window seat and the edge of the island? and on the other side of the book, i do see the edge of the book, but it is 10ft. the space is great. thanks!

input: is seems shorter than in many other photos which makes me wonder if this was to allow for more leg room ?
target: island apron and columns . love your work !! was wondering about the height of the island apron. is seems shorter than in many other photos which makes me wonder if this was to allow for more leg room ? also could you please tell me the dimensions of the columns. are they 3 1/2" or less. or more?? thank you so much !
output: island apron and columns. love your work! is seems shorter than in many other photos which makes me wonder if this was to allow for more leg room? also, ceiling height? thank you!

input: hi there what is the paint color of the island.
target: island color . hi there what is the paint color of the island. thank you
output: island paint color. hi there what is the paint color of the island. thank you

input: what is the ceiling height in this kitchen?
target: ceiling height? what is the ceiling height in this kitchen? thanks!
output: ceiling height? what is the ceiling height in this kitchen? thanks.

input: can you please give some information about the floor?
target: can you please give some information about the floor? what type of wood, stain etc? or is it prefinished?
output: can you please give some information about the floor? what type of wood, stain etc? or is it prefinished?

input: can you tell me what kind of cabinets and the color?
target: love the cabinets . can you tell me what kind of cabinets and the color? love the colors in this room.
output: cabinets. can you tell me what kind of cabinets and the color? love the colors in this room.

input: what brand and model is it?
target: love the range! what brand and model is it? i am currently remodeling our kitchen and would love to know the brand and model of the range.
output: love the range! what brand and model is it? i am currently remodeling our kitchen and would love to know the brand and model of the range.

input: who sang “tomorrow” ?
target: who sang “tomorrow” ? music. singers.
output: who sang“tomorrow”? music. singers.

input: what type of counter is the center island made of?
target: counter material . what type of counter is the center island made of? looks like some natural grayish stone? thanks!
output: counter material. what type of counter is the center island made of? looks like some natural grayish stone? thanks!

input: what type of flooring is this?
target: flooring? what type of flooring is this? beautiful!
output: floor type. what type of flooring is this? what color is it?

input: do you recall the color?
target: cabinet color . looking for the perfect off.white for kitchen cabinets. this is a home run!! do you recall the color?
output: love the counters! who makes them? do you recall the color? thank you!

input: island counter .
target: island counter . hi can you please tell me the thickness of the edge of the island top. two inches?
output: island counter. dimensions of island and overhang. thanks

input: hi, beautiful kitchen, can you please tell me the brand of the kitchen hood that what used??
target: kitchen hood? hi, beautiful kitchen, can you please tell me the brand of the kitchen hood that what used?? thank you!!
output: kitchen hood? hi, beautiful kitchen, can you please tell me the brand of the kitchen hood that what used? ? thank you!

input: what color is the grout?
target: color of grout please? i am looking for subway tile to go in my kitchen backsplash. what color is the grout? thanks pat vonah
output: grout. what color is the grout? and what is the stain?

input: what color is the grout?
target: color of grout please? i am looking for subway tile to go in my kitchen backsplash. what color is the grout? thanks pat vonah
output: grout. what color is the grout? and what is the stain?

input: what color is the grout?
target: color of grout please? i am looking for subway tile to go in my kitchen backsplash. what color is the grout? thanks pat vonah
output: grout. what color is the grout? and what is the stain?

input: are your counters soapstone on the perimeter and carrera marble on the island?
target: counters . are your counters soapstone on the perimeter and carrera marble on the island? do you like the integrated drain board? and, if marble on the island, is it honed?
output: counters. are your counters soapstone on the perimeter and carrera marble on the island? do you like the soapstone? thank you.

input: can you tell me the dimensions of this room and island including the width of the opening into the living room?
target: room dimensions . lovely space! can you tell me the dimensions of this room and island including the width of the opening into the living room? is there another opening on the other side of the book shelf?
output: dimensions. lovely space! can you tell me the dimensions of this room and island including the width of the opening into the living room? is there another opening on the other side of the book shelf?

input: love the square seated stools, where did you get those?
target: stools . love the square seated stools, where did you get those? thanks
output: love the square seated stools, where did you get those? thanks

input: can you let me know the grout color here?
target: grout color . hello! can you let me know the grout color here? thanks
output: grout color. can you let me know the grout color here? thanks

input: of this vent hood?
target: vent hood . might you know the mfg. of this vent hood? thank you
output: vent hood. might you know the mfg. of this vent hood? thank you.

input: can you give the details on the floor?
target: floors . can you give the details on the floor? thanks!
output: floors. can you give the details on the floor? thanks!

input: are you in a position to share kitchen floor plans or layouts?????
target: kitchen design . hello crisp architects, i have been searching though the hundreds of kitchen photos and everyone i like has been designed by you. are you in a position to share kitchen floor plans or layouts????? i would be extremely grateful for anyone information you could share on this kitchen design. many thanks
output: dimensions and layout. this is a fantastic kitchen space! are you in a position to share kitchen floor plans or layouts? ? ? ? ? i would be extremely grateful for anyone information you could share. thank you.

input: or can i order these exact cabinets somewhere?
target: custom cabinets?? are they custom? or can i order these exact cabinets somewhere?
output: custom cabinets? ? are they custom? or can i order these exact cabinets somewhere?

input: which ann sacks specifically?
target: backsplash please!!! which ann sacks specifically? color and shape? it’s perfect
output: backsplash please! ! ! which ann sacks specifically? color and shape? it's perfect

input: what is the color for the white cabinets?
target: what is the color for the white cabinets? i love this kitchen! what is the color for the white cabinets? i love this kitchen!
output: what is the color for the white cabinets? i love this kitchen! what is the color for the white cabinets? i have to decide on a cabinet color that will look good in this kitchen. thank you.

input: can you tell me who makes the backsplash?
target: who makes the backsplash please? i'm obsessed with this kitchen. it's beautiful! can you tell me who makes the backsplash?
output: who makes the backsplash please? i'm obsessed with this kitchen. it's beautiful! can you tell me who makes the backsplash?

input: i am looking for something similar and when i clicked on the picture the tag did not bring up something similar.
target: pendants . where are these from? i am looking for something similar and when i clicked on the picture the tag did not bring up something similar.
output: where can i find the chairs? i am looking for something similar and when i clicked on the picture the tag did not bring up something similar. this is the exact ones you used in the art!

input: is it tiles looks like floor?.
target: i want to know the the floor? is it tiles looks like floor?. what is
output: i love this floor. is it tiles looks like floor? . what is

input: what is the name of this granite?
target: granite color? what is the name of this granite? its beautiful!
output: what is the name of this granite? love it! what is the name of this granite?

input: can you share the backspash info please.
target: backsplash . can you share the backspash info please. brand, who might carry it etc
output: backsplash. can you share the backspash info please. thanks

input: where did you purchase the backsplash?
target: backsplash/hardware . where did you purchase the backsplash? what is the brand? what brand/color is the hardware?
output: backsplash. where did you purchase the backsplash? what is the material?

input: where can i find it please?
target: looking for this light . i'm looking for this light as well. where can i find it please?
output: tile. hi there. where can i find it please?

input: would you mind telling me the size of the island?
target: i love this kitchen! it is the inspiration for my kitchen reno! would you mind telling me the size of the island? also, where did you hide the oven? thanks.
output: i love this kitchen! it is the inspiration for my kitchen reno! would you mind telling me the size of the island? also, where did you hide the oven? thanks.

input: what type (manufacturer) of windows are those?
target: what type (manufacturer) of windows are those? i love those mid century type of windows. mind sharing any information on them. thank you.
output: what type(manufacturer) of windows are those? what type(manufacturer) of windows are those? i love those mid century type of windows.

input: would you mind sharing the details on them?
target: who makes the countertop stools? the countertop stools are very unique. would you mind sharing the details on them? thank you!
output: who makes the countertop stools? the countertop stools are very unique. would you mind sharing the details on them? thank you!

input: what is the manufacturer/color?
target: blue cabinets . good morning, we are repainting our cabinets and love this color. what is the manufacturer/color? thank you!
output: backsplash. what is the manufacturer/color? what is the material?

input: hi, would you be able to share the paint color of the cabinets?
target: paint color . hi, would you be able to share the paint color of the cabinets? thank you!
output: paint color. hi, would you be able to share the paint color of the cabinets? thank you!

input: no one seems to know name of this granite,can anyone help?
target: granite color pls . i've been looking for a year! no one seems to know name of this granite,can anyone help? many thanks
output: granite question. i am in process of designing a kitchen. i was told shouldn't use this same tile and that the countertops are hard to clean. no one seems to know name of this granite, can anyone help? many thanks

input: i have the same cook top and want to confirm how far out my cabinetmaker should extend the hood on each side.
target: will you kindly share the length/depth of the hood? i have the same cook top and want to confirm how far out my cabinetmaker should extend the hood on each side. many thanks!
output: will you kindly share the length/depth of the hood? i have the same cook top and want to confirm how far out my cabinetmaker should extend the hood on each side. many thanks!

input: would you please share the ceiling height and type/ size of cabinet molding you used on this project?i am remodeling my kitchen.
target: lovely design! question on ceiling height . i just visited your website. beautiful work! would you please share the ceiling height and type/ size of cabinet molding you used on this project?i am remodeling my kitchen. it has 9 feet ceilings and am trying to fill the space without resorting to stacked cabinets. thank you!
output: this kitchen is beautiful! any information you could provide would you please share the ceiling height and type/size of cabinet molding you used on this project? i am remodeling my kitchen. it looks like a very nice design. thanks in advance for your help!

input: could you please tell me how high the hood is from the range?
target: hood . could you please tell me how high the hood is from the range? thank you!
output: hood. could you please tell me how high the hood is from the range? thanks

input: what is the countertop material?
target: what is the countertop material? thank you! what is the countertop material? thank you!
output: what is the countertop material? is this quartz? looks like the picture on the back of a sample i recently saw that was quartz master calacatta manhatten, but the description says neolith

input: also, just out of curiosity, what are the entire dimensions of the hood.not the wolf inset.
target: am building a similar hood. can you tell me the depth of the shelf? also, just out of curiosity, what are the entire dimensions of the hood.not the wolf inset. thanks
output: am building a similar hood. can you tell me the depth of the shelf? also, just out of curiosity, what are the entire dimensions of the hood. not the wolf inset. thanks

input: what material is the countertop .
target: what material is the countertop . quartz i assume brand/color? thanks
output: countertop. what material is the countertop. name?

input: what cabinet and drawer pulls were used?
target: what cabinet and drawer pulls were used? (brand and product name)? thanks
output: what cabinet and drawer pulls were used? (brand and product name) ? thanks

input: and was it new construction or a remodel?
target: exterior? really like this house. did you guys design the outside too? and was it new construction or a remodel?
output: exterior? really like this house. did you guys design the outside too? and was it new construction or a remodel?

input: can you please tell me what is the exact name of the stone on wall with floating shelves
target: counter walls . love this kitchen! can you please tell me what is the exact name of the stone on wall with floating shelves
output: counter walls. love this kitchen! can you please tell me what is the exact name of the stone on wall with floating shelves

input: where might i find it please?
target: light fixture . love the light fixture over the island. where might i find it please?
output: light fixture. love the light fixture over the island. where might i find it please?

input: what else was done to support it (there looks to be some sort of frame underneath.
target: island peninsula . can you tell me about the construction to support the island peninsula. looks like there is a support post in the middle? what else was done to support it (there looks to be some sort of frame underneath. what are the dimensions of the cantilever? we are trying to figure out the best way to support 36" out from the cabinets and 48" wide. thanks!
output: island peninsula. can you tell me about the construction to support the island peninsula. looks like there is no undercabinet underneath? what else was done to support it(there looks to be some sort of frame underneath. what are the dimensions of the cantilever? we are trying to figure out the best way to support 36" out from the cabinets and 48" wide. thanks!

input: would you mind sharing what colors you used for the walls and molding?
target: wall paint and moldings? this is perfect! would you mind sharing what colors you used for the walls and molding?
output: wall paint and moldings? this is perfect! would you mind sharing what colors you used for the walls and molding?

input: can you please tell me the color used in the concrete counter top on the island?
target: counter top question . thank you! hello . love your design! can you please tell me the color used in the concrete counter top on the island? love the color mix with the cabinets! thanks for your time and help!
output: counter top question. thank you! hello. love your design! can you please tell me the color used in the concrete counter top on the island? love the color mix with the cabinets! thanks for your time and help!

input: does sound bounce around a lot?
target: metal ceiling . i am considering standing seam metal to finish the inside of a cathedral ceiling but am concerned about noise and echo. is this kitchen noisy? does sound bounce around a lot?
output: metal ceiling. what is the ceiling made of? is that a composting product? does sound bounce around a lot?

input: who manufactures them?
target: floor to ceiling cabinets . i love the wall of cabinets. who manufactures them?
output: floor to ceiling cabinets. i love the wall of cabinets. who manufactures them?

input: would appreciate any input about the size of this kitchen: length, width from wall behind the cabinets to edge of island, size of island etc.
target: this is such a contempo kitchen. any clues about the size? i have a 12' * 12' space next to the dining room that i am thinking of moving the kitchen to. would appreciate any input about the size of this kitchen: length, width from wall behind the cabinets to edge of island, size of island etc. thanks!
output: this is such a contempo kitchen. any input about the size of this kitchen: length, width from wall behind the cabinets to edge of island, size of island etc. thanks!

input: do you mind sharing marble details please and where we could purchase?
target: backsplash marble . do you mind sharing marble details please and where we could purchase? lovely
output: backsplash marble. do you mind sharing marble details please and where we could purchase? lovely

input: what is the gold lining on the perimeters of the backsplash of the medallion and where can i get it?
target: what is the gold lining on the perimeter of the medallion . what is the gold lining on the perimeters of the backsplash of the medallion and where can i get it? thank you
output: what is the gold lining on the perimeter of the medallion. what is the gold lining on the perimeters of the backsplash of the medallion and where can i get it? thank you

input: is the aged bronze black enough to go well with the black cabinets or are they dark brown?
target: black or dark brown cabinet pulls? this kitchen is absolutely amazing! the design and all the details are incredible. i’m in houston and would have loved to hire you guys if you were here instead!! and thanks for answering all the questions, it’s extremely helpful! i found the cabinet pulls at rejuvenation, thanks . but i see that they are aged bronze and gold, and not specifically black and gold. is the aged bronze black enough to go well with the black cabinets or are they dark brown? was there sometime in the past a black and gold elroy pull at rejuvenation? thank you so much!
output: black or dark brown cabinet pulls? this kitchen is amazing! what do you have under the countertops? is the aged bronze black enough to go well with the black cabinets or are they dark brown? this kitchen is amazing!

input: can you please tell me the manufacturer of this tile used for backsplash?
target: backsplash tile . can you please tell me the manufacturer of this tile used for backsplash? love it. thanks.
output: backsplash tile. can you please tell me the manufacturer of this tile used for backsplash? thank you.

input: did you purchase it, or was it original to the house?
target: kitchen fan . really like the fan. did you purchase it, or was it original to the house?
output: kitchen fan. really like the fan. did you purchase it, or was it original to the house?

input: are the walls and ceiling same color?
target: are the walls and ceiling same color? i would like to do more of a white on my main level and white backsplash with my more natural honey colored floor and cabinets. it looks like the walls and ceiling are the same color. are they both actually white?
output: wall and ceiling color. are the walls and ceiling same color? thanks

input: can you please share brand and name of quartz counters?
target: quartz countertops . hello. can you please share brand and name of quartz counters?
output: quartz countertops. hello. can you please share brand and name of quartz counters?

input: however i have hale blue by benjamin moore for my bottom color and sadly it shows up more purple than blue!
target: what color are the lower cabinets? i am going for a similar style in my kitchen. however i have hale blue by benjamin moore for my bottom color and sadly it shows up more purple than blue! will you please share the color of these lower cabinets and any advise you might have?
output: please tell me the cabinet color is on the wall. i am going for a similar look. however i have hale blue by benjamin moore for my bottom color and sadly it shows up more purple than blue! will you please share the color of the cabinet and color? thank you.

input: can you please tell me what kind of recessed lighting you used in this kitchen.
target: recessed lighting . this is a beautiful kitchen. can you please tell me what kind of recessed lighting you used in this kitchen. are the fixtures led? what size are they? are they warm or cool? is there under cabinet lighting? i'm just curious about how you choose to light your beautiful work. thank you.
output: recessed lighting. this is a beautiful kitchen. can you please tell me what kind of recessed lighting you used in this kitchen. are the fixtures led? what size are they? are they warm or cool? is there under cabinet lighting? i'm just curious about how you choose to light your beautiful work. thank you.

input: who is the cabinet manufacturer?
target: cabinets . who is the cabinet manufacturer? lovely kitchen!!
output: cabinets. who is the cabinet manufacturer? lovely kitchen!

input: would love to see more photos of the other side of the kitchen to get a feel for the overall size.
target: appliances . is the dishwasher to the left of the sink? what appliance is below the microwave? where is the fridge? would love to see more photos of the other side of the kitchen to get a feel for the overall size. love this!
output: appliances. is the dishwasher to the left of the sink? what appliance is below the microwave? where is the fridge? would love to see more photos of the other side of the kitchen to get a feel for the overall size. love this!

input: countertop brand and style?
target: countertop brand and style? love the whole look. please share countertop. what is it?
output: countertop brand and style? love the whole look. please share countertop. what is it?

input: can you please provide me with any details?
target: danielle . i love the pendant lights! can you please provide me with any details? gorgeous kitchen!!
output: danielle. i love the wood countertops. can you please provide me with any details?

input: what are the dimensions for this kitchen?
target: dimensions . what are the dimensions for this kitchen? it is beautiful!
output: dimensions. what are the dimensions for this kitchen? it is beautiful. also, where is the fridge located?

input: can you give me the details around the flooring?
target: floor . can you give me the details around the flooring? thanks!
output: flooring. can you give me the details around the flooring? thanks!

input: would you please share how wide this kitchen and island is?
target: width . would you please share how wide this kitchen and island is? hoping to put narrow island in my 11 1/2 feet wide kitchen. yours looks stunning. thanks.
output: width. would you please share how wide this kitchen and island is? hoping to put narrow island in my 11 1/2 feet wide kitchen. yours looks stunning. thanks.

input: h i can you pls tell me the length of your overhang to accommodate stools, our counter is 36" high and we've been told everything from 12" is fine and there are those who regret doing less than 15" .
target: length of overhang for stools . h i can you pls tell me the length of your overhang to accommodate stools, our counter is 36" high and we've been told everything from 12" is fine and there are those who regret doing less than 15" . yours looks perfect . thanks in advance!
output: length of overhang for stools. h i can you pls tell me the length of your overhang to accommodate stools, our counter is 36" high and we've been told everything from 12" is fine and there are those who regret doing less than 12" is fine and there are those who regret doing less than 12" " . we live in alberta canada and plan to move

input: could you tell me where the cabinet hardware is from or what style it is?
target: hardware . could you tell me where the cabinet hardware is from or what style it is? thanks !
output: hardware. could you tell me where the cabinet hardware is from or what style it is? thanks!

input: we are struggling with how to come up with a kitchen design for an 11.5 x 18.5 space.
target: dimensions of kitchen . can you tell me the dimensions of this kitchen? we are struggling with how to come up with a kitchen design for an 11.5 x 18.5 space. i am curious how big this kitchen is. thanks!
output: dimensions of kitchen. can you tell me the dimensions of this kitchen? we are struggling with how to come up with a kitchen design for an 11.5 x 18.5 space. i am curious how big this kitchen is. thanks!

input: i was wondering where the kitchen island is from.
target: hi,  i really like the kitchen you designed in the house in the hamptons. i was wondering where the kitchen island is from. thanks jennifer
output: hi, i really like the kitchen you designed in the house in the hamptons. i was wondering where the kitchen island is from. thanks jennifer

input: i’m struggling to figure out where to go for something like this.
target: glass shelving . hi there! are the brass and glass shelves custom? if not, could you please share the source? if so, which discipline did you hire to make them? is it a metal smith.skilled handy man? i’m struggling to figure out where to go for something like this. thank you!
output: glass shelving. i love the custom glass shelving. where can i buy them? i’m struggling to figure out where to go for something like this. thank you.

input: is the white/cream part a decorative portion that comes with the cabinets or is it part of the hood?
target: type of hood . what type of hood is this? is the white/cream part a decorative portion that comes with the cabinets or is it part of the hood? is there a name for this hood? if it's part of the cabinet, what's the brand of the cabinet and what color/type is this?
output: is there a cover for the hood? is the white/cream part a decorative portion that comes with the cabinets or is it part of the hood? is there a cover for this hood? and what is the material used for the hood?

input: hi, just wanting to check back on this.is the island a double ogee edge?
target: island edging . hi, just wanting to check back on this.is the island a double ogee edge? what would it be called if i wanted to describe it to my fabricator? thanks. beautiful!
output: island edging. hi, just wanting to check back on this. is the island a double ogee edge? what would it be called if i wanted to describe it to my fabricator? thanks. beautiful!

input: what is the ceiling height in this kitchen?
target: ceiling . what is the ceiling height in this kitchen? thank you.
output: ceiling height? what is the ceiling height in this kitchen? thanks.

input: if the island is 9' x 4'6", does that mean you used two slabs?
target: island top . if the island is 9' x 4'6", does that mean you used two slabs? looks like the edges are mitred. i've been told that you can't accomplish a 9' island and mitred edge with just one slab. any assistance you could provide would be great.thank you.
output: island top. if the island is 9' x 4' 6" , does that mean you used two slabs? looks like the edges are mitred. i've been told that it is difficult because of the width of the slabs and so the overall look. any information would be appreciated. thanks!

input: thanks what made you choose honed over shiny?
target: marble. thanks what made you choose honed over shiny? i just ordered slab for backsplash and island from calcutta and can't decide
output: marble. thanks what made you choose honed over shiny? i just ordered slab for backsplash and island from calcutta and can't decide

input: what is the size of the island?
target: love everything. all white yet warm. what is the size of the island?
output: love this! what is the size of the island? we are looking to remodel and i love this size.

input: would you please share source for pendant lights?
target: gorgeous! would you please share source for pendant lights? thanks!
output: gorgeous! would you please share source for pendant lights? thanks!

input: what make/style are cabinets?
target: cabinets . what make/style are cabinets? love the trim and smaller ones above. thanks!
output: cabinets. what make/style are cabinets? love the trim and smaller ones above. thanks!

input: is is wood or tile?
target: kitchen flooring . this is beautiful . is is wood or tile?
output: kitchen flooring. this is beautiful. is is wood or tile?

input: what is the length of the long cabinets?
target: cabinet sizes length . what is the length of the long cabinets? thanks!
output: length of cabinets. what is the length of the long cabinets? and how wide are they?

input: what wood is the flooring?
target: what wood is the flooring? looks like oak? we are hoping to do clear stained doug fir ceiling beams and open shelving in the kitchen and having trouble picking out a hardwood floor.
output: regarding the flooring. what wood is the flooring? looks wonderful!

input: suggestions for matching wall color in adjacent room?
target: what counter material/color? are all cabinets white t/o kitchen? beautiful work! additional pictures suggest some cabinets slightly gray (esp china cabinet pic) although it could be the lighting. are all cabinets white throughout the kitchen? suggestions for matching wall color in adjacent room?
output: what counter material/color? suggestions for matching wall color in adjacent room? i have white dove cabinets and trim in a home we have built in in the bay area. i am having one made of pvc. the color would be perfect for my newly remodeled kitchen. thank you.

input: hi, can you please tell me the overall dimensions for this kitchen?
target: overall dimensions . hi, can you please tell me the overall dimensions for this kitchen? thanks!
output: overall dimensions. hi, can you please tell me the overall dimensions for this kitchen? thanks!

input: can you tell me if the beams are wrapped, and in what wood?
target: audrey . beams? can you tell me if the beams are wrapped, and in what wood?
output: beams. can you tell me if the beams are wrapped, and in what wood? thank you!

input: i love the outdoors brought to this area of the home, what was the length of the entire wall and approximate cost of windows.
target: windows cost . i love the outdoors brought to this area of the home, what was the length of the entire wall and approximate cost of windows. i like a bit of industrial or rustic are there other ways i can achieve this same look but with a lower cost. i imagine the cost of custom cut windows and framing is where the cost increased.
output: windows cost. i love the outdoors brought to this area of the home, what was the length of the entire wall and approximate cost of windows. i like a bit of industrial or rustic are there other ways i can achieve this same look but with a lower cost. i imagine the cost of custom cut windows and framing is where the cost increased.

input: i see you mention maple islander when describing the color of the lower cabinets but is that the paint name and what company makes it please?
target: lower cabinet color . i see you mention maple islander when describing the color of the lower cabinets but is that the paint name and what company makes it please? thanks
output: lower cabinet color. i see you mention maple islander when describing the color of the lower cabinets but is that the paint name and what company makes it please? thanks

input: could you tell me the brand, sheen, color name ???
target: wall paint color . could you tell me the brand, sheen, color name ??? thanks
output: i love the sheen in the kitchen. could you tell me the brand, sheen, color name? ? ? thanks

input: what color did you use for cabinet and island?
target: colors . what color did you use for cabinet and island? what floors were used? thank you!
output: colors. what color did you use for cabinet and island? what floors were used?

input: where can i find them and what brand / color are they?
target: backsplash tiles . the backsplash tiles look great. where can i find them and what brand / color are they?
output: backsplash tiles. the backsplash tiles look great. where can i find them and what brand/color are they?

input: where did you find the lighting?
target: lighting . love the design. where did you find the lighting? i'm redoing my kitchen and it would be nice to have something other then recessed lighting. too boring.
output: lighting. love the design. where did you find the lighting? i love it!

input: could you please tell me what type of countertops are in the photo?
target: what is the countertop material . could you please tell me what type of countertops are in the photo? thank you.
output: countertops. could you please tell me what type of countertops are in the photo? thank you.

input: who's makes the door / drawer pulls
target: my new kitchen . love this kitchen! who's makes the door / drawer pulls
output: my new kitchen. love this kitchen! who's makes the door/drawer pulls

input: where did you fine the lights?
target: pendant lights . very pretty kitchen!!! where did you fine the lights?
output: lights. hello! where did you fine the lights?

input: what material is that ?
target: vent hood ? what material is that ? wood ? what color ?
output: vent hood? what material is that? wood? what color?

input: what is the make and color of this flooring please?
target: what is the make and color of this flooring please? i am currently trying to put in engineered wood and it will transition from travertine entrance . need best color to coordinate thanks
output: flooring? what is the make and color of this flooring please? i would like to know the stain/color of the flooring please. thanks

input: do you have the plan for the island available?
target: gorgeous island! do you have the plan for the island available? thanks
output: do you have the plan for the island available? i would like to see photos of a 2 year old butcher block. thank you.

input: what is the make and model of the wine cooler?
target: wine cooler? what is the make and model of the wine cooler? thanks in advance!
output: wine cooler? what is the make and model of the wine cooler? thanks

input: hello, can you tell me how much the island countertop hangs over the cabinets?
target: island countertop overhang . hello, can you tell me how much the island countertop hangs over the cabinets? and the cabinet posts? thanks!
output: island countertop overhang. hello, can you tell me how much the island countertop hangs over the cabinets? and the cabinet posts? thank you!

input: where is it from?
target: cutting board . love that cutting board! where is it from? stunning kitchen!
output: like the backsplash tile very much. where is it from? what is it?

input: we're looking for a walnut countertop and having a hard time finding a local source anywhere near westchester.
target: wooden countertop source . hi, can you please share your source for wooden countertops that are not butcher block? we're looking for a walnut countertop and having a hard time finding a local source anywhere near westchester. thanks!
output: walnut countertop source. we're looking for a walnut countertop and having a hard time finding a local source anywhere near westchester. thanks

input: love these floors.wood , tile ?
target: love these floors.wood , tile ? where can i get? thanks.
output: love these floors. wood, tile? where can i get? thanks.

input: what is the white island counter material and color?
target: island countertop . beautiful kitchen. what is the white island counter material and color?
output: island countertop. what is the white island counter material and color? is it honed? thanks

input: can you provide the details for the range hood ?
target: i love the range hood. can you provide the brand/type? can you provide the details for the range hood ?
output: i love the range hood. can you provide the details for the range hood? or was it custom made?

input: could you please share the composition of the 3 cabinets above the fridge?
target: cabinets above fridge? hello, beautiful work! could you please share the composition of the 3 cabinets above the fridge? they pull the black island together with the white cabinets amazingly!
output: cabinets above fridge? hello, beautiful work! could you please share the composition of the 3 cabinets above the fridge? they pull the black cabinets amazingly!

input: can you please tell me which white was used to paint them?
target: searching for the perfect whie paint forncacabinet color . love the ray undertones in the kitchen cabs. can you please tell me which white was used to paint them? thank you :)
output: searching for the perfect whie paint for these walls. can you please tell me which white was used to paint them? thank you.

input: can you tell me what your backsplash is., cut, size stone etc.?
target: i love this kitchen . can you tell me what your backsplash is., cut, size stone etc.? thanks!
output: backsplash. can you tell me what your backsplash is. , cut, size stone etc. ? thanks

input: where did u find it?
target: island cabinet . hi, i love the extra storage. i need it!!! where did u find it?
output: island cabinet. hi, i love the extra storage. where did u find it?

input: could you please tell me the wall and trim colors?
target: wall and trim colors . could you please tell me the wall and trim colors? thank you!
output: wall and trim colors. could you please tell me the wall and trim colors? thank you!

input: could you please share with me where you bought your lights that hang over the island?
target: lighting . could you please share with me where you bought your lights that hang over the island? thanks you.
output: lighting. could you please share with me where you bought your lights that hang over the island? thanks you.

input: also, what brand, style, size is prep sink in the island?
target: island detail . can you please tell me the size of island? also, what brand, style, size is prep sink in the island?
output: island detail. can you please tell me the size of island? also, what brand, style, size is prep sink in the island?

input: what kind of can lights did you use?
target: what kind of can lights did you use? they look directional . adjusted to face directly downward? where did you find them? thanks.
output: what kind of can lights did you use? they look directional. adjusted to face directly downward? where did you find them? thanks.

input: is 1/16 too small grout spacing for 4 x 12 subway tiles ?
target: grout width . is 1/16 too small grout spacing for 4 x 12 subway tiles ? thank you
output: grout width. is 1/16 too small grout spacing for 4 x 12 subway tiles? thank you

input: how wide is the grout line between the marble subway tiles?
target: grout width and color . how wide is the grout line between the marble subway tiles? what color is the grout? do you find the honed surface very easily stained?
output: grout width and grout width. how wide is the grout line between the marble subway tiles? what color is the grout?

input: would like to know the width at the bottom and then how much it bows in at the top.
target: would it be possible to share the dimensions of the hood? would like to know the width at the bottom and then how much it bows in at the top. also, the middle section that comes out more. thank you!
output: would it be possible to share the dimensions of the hood? would like to know the width at the bottom and then how much it bows in at the top. also, the middle section that comes out more. thank you!

input: if so, by whom and is it wood or metal?
target: love this range hood! is the range hood custom made? if so, by whom and is it wood or metal? thank you!
output: is this a doorpaer? if so, by whom and is it wood or metal? thank you.

input: can you tell me what this tile is over the cooktop?
target: backsplash tile . can you tell me what this tile is over the cooktop? thanks!
output: backsplash tile. can you tell me what this tile is over the cooktop? thanks.

input: what are the countertops made from?
target: countertops❤️ . what are the countertops made from? i love the white carrera marble look but with more durability.
output: countertops. what are the countertops made from? these are beautiful countertops in a gorgeous kitchen!

input: curious where these at stools are from?
target: bar stools . hi there! curious where these at stools are from?
output: where where these at stools are from? i am in need of counter seating for 6 people. this is perfect.

input: what's the paint color of the island?
target: gorgeous! beautiful kitchen. what's the paint color of the island?
output: island. what's the paint color of the island? what's the stain color of the island? thanks

input: are the counters marble or quartz?
target: marble or quartz counters . hi, gorgeous kitchen ! are the counters marble or quartz? thanks so much
output: marble or quartz counters. are the counters marble or quartz? thanks

input: may i ask what kind of tiles you used for backsplash?
target: backsplash tiles . i love your kitchen! may i ask what kind of tiles you used for backsplash? thanks.
output: backsplash tiles. this is a beautiful kitchen! may i ask what kind of tiles you used for backsplash? thank you.

input: however i would like more information as to the color, model number, etc.
target: cabinet hardware . i know the cabinet hardware is by ashley norton. however i would like more information as to the color, model number, etc. i am not finding them on the ashley norton website. thank you for your help!
output: i i am in love with this kitchen! it is beautiful. however i would like more information as to the color, model number, etc. i am having a difficult time with finding a vase to use. i appreciate your help.

input: could you please provide more details on the stain color, brand, how many coats applied, etc., thanks!
target: cabinet stain . could you please provide more details on the stain color, brand, how many coats applied, etc., thanks! i am trying to match my original cabinets and this looks so close. appreciate the help.
output: stain color. could you please provide more details on the stain color, brand, how many coats applied, etc. , thanks! i am trying to match my original cabinets and this looks so close. appreciate the help.

input: could you provide more information on the countertops?
target: could you provide more information on the countertops? i would like info on the countertops. type, manufacturer, color, etc. thankyou!
output: could you provide more information on the countertops? and what is the material used? supplier?

input: could you direct as to the name of it or where to find it?
target: love backsplash . i love the geometric backsplash. could you direct as to the name of it or where to find it? thank you :)
output: love backsplash. i love the geometric backsplash. could you direct as to the name of it or where to find it? thank you: )

input: what is it please?
target: tile? cool tile. what is it please?
output: tile? cool tile. what is it please?

input: would like to update, what are these cabinets?
target: love cabinets, similar to my st. charles cabinets . would like to update, what are these cabinets? i just can't go back to wood.
output: i am being discougaged by most people in the counter top field of this kitchen. this is a beautiful kitchen. would like to update, what are these cabinets? i would like to update, what are these cabinets? i would like to update, what are these cabinets? thanks!

input: what type of range hood was specified for this project and what material and finish did you specify for the whitish box that covers the range hood?
target: range hood? very clean design, patrick! congrats too on your dwell/nest featured article. what type of range hood was specified for this project and what material and finish did you specify for the whitish box that covers the range hood? thanks!!
output: range hood? very clean design, patrick! congrats too on your dwell/nest featured article. what type of range hood was specified for this project and what material and finish did you specify for the whitish box that covers the range hood? thanks!

input: i am contemplating moving my kitchen, are you comfortable sharing a ball park cost for this kitchen from design to tools down living in it?
target: ball park cost. i love the simplicity of your design. i am contemplating moving my kitchen, are you comfortable sharing a ball park cost for this kitchen from design to tools down living in it?
output: ball park cost. i love the simplicity of your design. how can i accommodate a customer? i am contemplating moving my kitchen, are you comfortable sharing a ball park cost for this kitchen from design to tools down living in it?

input: can you share where you got the stools?
target: stools . can you share where you got the stools? thank you!
output: counter stools. can you share where you got the stools? thank you!

input: what color and brand is the paint color?
target: cabinet paint color . what color and brand is the paint color? thanks!
output: cabinet paint color. what color and brand is the paint color? thanks

input: is it possible to get the floor plan for this house?
target: is it possible to get the floor plan for this house? and sq footage? i was wondering how big is the house?
output: is it possible to get the floor plan for this house? and sq footage? i was wondering how big is the house?

input: i am in love with that grey you’ve used, it appears you have t throughout the house?
target: beautiful! what is the gray color used? i have taj mahal being installed in a month and am looking for an island color. i am in love with that grey you’ve used, it appears you have t throughout the house? would you mind sharing the particular brand and name of that beautiful grey? thank you in advance!
output: what is the gray color used? i have taj mahal being installed in a month and am looking for an island color. i am in love with that grey you’ve used, it appears you have t throughout the house? would you mind sharing the particulars of the gray you’ve used, thank you so much. thank you in advance!

input: did you paint the ceiling or did the pressed tin come in that color?
target: white trim color? beautiful remodel! love the colors, so period. i read through every question and comment and checked the page. i see the cabinet and wall color but not the white trim. what did you use for the white trim? i am assuming the crown is the same as a the cabinet color. also, the ceiling is great. any advice here? did you paint the ceiling or did the pressed tin come in that color? computer screens are so tricky. thank you in advance, you do beautiful work!
output: white trim color? beautiful remodel! love the colors, so period. i read through every question and comment and checked the page. i see that the white trim and the cabinet is white dove. what did you use for the white trim? i am assuming the crown is the same as a the cabinet color. also, the ceiling is great. any advice here? did you paint the ceiling

input: could you please share any information on your windows?
target: where oh where did you get those windows? i am building a house to look like a hundred year old farmhouse and i really want that same pattern of caning. could you please share any information on your windows? thanks!
output: where oh where did you get those windows? i am building a house to look like a hundred year old farmhouse and i really want that same pattern of caning. could you please share any information on your windows? thanks!

input: after looking through the questions i was unable to find the name of the cabinet hardware and where it was sourced, especially the pull on the dishwasher.
target: what is the name of the cabinet hardware? after looking through the questions i was unable to find the name of the cabinet hardware and where it was sourced, especially the pull on the dishwasher. can i get the names of these? thank you for answering so many questions, help those of us building or remodeling.
output: what is the name of the cabinet hardware? after looking through the questions i was unable to find the name of the cabinet hardware and where it was sourced, especially the pull on the dishwasher. can i get the names of these? thank you for answering so many questions, help those of us building or remodeling.

input: would you mind sharing the window source/company and line for the "over the sink" windows?
target: diamond window source? hello, wonderful kitchen! would you mind sharing the window source/company and line for the "over the sink" windows? are they fixed with a check rail? transoms? and the cottage sash is perfect. chances are pretty good they are original to the house. but i had to ask. i am looking for this exact window. thanks so much.
output: window source? hello! would you mind sharing the window source/company and line for the" over the sink" windows? this is a beautiful kitchen. thank you.

input: two drawers under micro drawer…work well?
target: two drawers under micro drawer…work well? i see you put two drawers under the micro drawer. i am wanting to do that using same micro, but virtually no one else on houzz has done it! were the drawers nice and functional? not too shallow?
output: two drawers under micro drawer…work well? i see you put two drawers under the micro drawer. i am wanting to do that using same micro, but virtually no one else on houzz has done it!

input: what is the faucet finish?
target: faucet finish . the kitchen is beautiful! what is the faucet finish? it looks awesome with the stainless steel appliances and silver hardware. the mixture of metal finishes is perfect!
output: faucet finish. the kitchen is beautiful! what is the faucet finish?

input: is that wallpaper on the ceiling?
target: ceiling! is that wallpaper on the ceiling? i love it! where did you get it? thanks a bunch!
output: wallpaper? is that wallpaper on the ceiling? and what is it?

input: it looks as though it has a pattern, is it tin?
target: what surface was used on the ceiling? it looks as though it has a pattern, is it tin? thank you.
output: what surface was used on the ceiling? it looks as though it has a pattern, is it tin? thank you.

input: i just noticed what looks like a smaller stove with more storage draws underneath.
target: this has become one of my favourite kitchens ever! i just noticed what looks like a smaller stove with more storage draws underneath. am i right? what stove is this? such a beautiful room!
output: this has become one of my favourite kitchens ever! i just noticed what looks like a smaller stove with more storage draws underneath. am i right? what stove is this? such a beautiful room!

input: can you please tell me where i might find the backsplash tiles?
target: backsplash . this is a beautiful kitchen! can you please tell me where i might find the backsplash tiles? also, the blue color paint? thank you!
output: backsplash. this is a beautiful kitchen! can you please tell me where i might find the backsplash tiles? also, the blue color paint? thank you!

input: where are the door handles from or where can i find similar?
target: cabinet door handles . love the clean design of the kitchen cabinets and door handles. where are the door handles from or where can i find similar?
output: cabinet door handles. where are the door handles from or where can i find similar?

input: are they custom or available somewhere?
target: love the drawer dividers . where are they from? love the adjustable drawer dividers! are they custom or available somewhere? beautiful kitchen!
output: love the drawer dividers. where are they from? love the adjustable drawer dividers! are they custom or available somewhere?

input: where can i find them?
target: backsplash material? where to find? love the backsplash tiles . where can i find them?
output: this kitchen is to die for: . ) ) especially love these bar stools! ! ! where can i find them?

input: what type of wood and stain were used?
target: what color stain is on the floor? what type of wood and stain were used? thank you!
output: what type of wood and stain were used? this is a beautiful kitchen! what type of wood and stain were used?

input: what is the length of the upper cabinetry and how high did you set them from the counter top?
target: upper cabinetry length . beautiful work!!! what is the length of the upper cabinetry and how high did you set them from the counter top? is this an 8' or 9' ceiling?
output: upper cabinetry length. beautiful work! what is the length of the upper cabinetry and how high did you set them from the counter top? is there another opening on the top? thanks

input: either way there was the skylights and a big window and a patio door, so i don’t see what has been games.
target: is there no longer a microwave? other than the above counter cabinets, i liked the old kitchen better. from my own cooking habits, i would’ve preferred to keep the peninsula as my island and have more walking space to move throughout the kitchen. either way there was the skylights and a big window and a patio door, so i don’t see what has been games. anyone else have thoughts about this?
output: is there no longer a microwave? other than the above counter cabinets, i liked the old kitchen better. from my own cooking habits, i would’ve preferred to keep the peninsula as my island and have more walking space to move throughout the kitchen. either way there was the skylights and a big window and a patio door, so i don’t see what has been games. anyone else have

input: what brand and color is it?
target: i love the counter tops and backsplash! what brand and color is it? thank you so much!
output: i love the counter tops and backsplash! what brand and color is it? thank you

input: love the pendants cannot find it anywhere with the diamond motif chain like in this photo.
target: please tell me if the diamond chain on pendants came with them? i loo . love the pendants cannot find it anywhere with the diamond motif chain like in this photo.
output: please tell me if the diamond chain on pendants came with them? i loo. love the pendants cannot find it anywhere with the diamond motif chain like in this photo.

input: spaghetti sauce splatters)?
target: beautiful kitchen. first and foremost, thank you for all the replies that you have posted to people's questions. regarding the lowes backsplash tile, do you think this type of tile would be prone to staining behind the stove (e.g. spaghetti sauce splatters)? thank you.
output: beautiful kitchen. first and foremost, thank you for all the replies that you have posted to people's questions. regarding the lowes backsplash tile, do you think this type of tile would be prone to staining behind the stove(e. g. spaghetti sauce splatters) ? thank you.

input: what is the sink?
target: sink . i love this kitchen! what is the sink? could you share? and faucet?
output: sink. i love this kitchen! what is the sink? could you share?

input: what color and brand are the cabinets?
target: cabinet color and brand . what color and brand are the cabinets? thanks!
output: what color and brand are the cabinets? thank you. what color and brand are the cabinets? thank you.

input: would you mind sharing the dimensions of the island and how much clearance there is around it?
target: dimensions of the island? would you mind sharing the dimensions of the island and how much clearance there is around it? thank you!
output: dimensions of the island? would you mind sharing the dimensions of the island and how much clearance there is around it? thanks.

input: what are the perimeter countertops made of?
target: what are the perimeter countertops made of? please . beautiful kitchen,
output: what are the perimeter countertops made of? please. my wife wants to make me a butcher block?

input: would like to know.
target: would like to know. about the pendants? very nice!
output: would like to know. about the pendants? very nice!

input: where did you buy your handles and knobs?
target: cabinet handles and pulls . i am doing a similar scheme in my kitchen, wood floors, painting oak cabinets white and looking for cool cabinet hardware. where did you buy your handles and knobs? thank you.
output: handles and knobs. where did you buy your handles and knobs? thank you

input: where can i find them?
target: lighting pendants . love those lights over the island. where can i find them?
output: backsplash. love the backsplash. where can i find them?

input: in uh.oh moment, did cabinets bleed to the floor or floor to cabinets?
target: in uh.oh moment, did cabinets bleed to the floor or floor to cabinets? we are getting ready to use rubio monocoat on wood floors with painted white cabinets and want to avoid an uh.oh moment! if you could please clarify what exactly happened, thanks!
output: in uh. oh moment, did cabinets bleed to the floor or floor to cabinets? we are building a home and have a 126 x 48 kitchen and an island with butcher block. thanks!

input: what is the island top material and color?
target: what is the island top material and color? marble? quartzite?
output: what is the island top material and color? marble? quartz?

input: we like what you have here and want to make sure ours is big enough.
target: what is the length of the island and back counter? we are thinking about a similar layout but wondering about space. we like what you have here and want to make sure ours is big enough.
output: what is the length of the island and back counter? we are thinking of a similar layout but wondering about space. we like what you have here and want to make sure ours is big enough.

input: what species of wood and stain color?
target: flooring . nicely done! what species of wood and stain color? thanks!
output: floors. i love this flooring! what species of wood and stain color? where did you get it? thanks!

input: please tell me where you bought the unfinished wood bar stools .
target: wood bar stools . please tell me where you bought the unfinished wood bar stools . thanks
output: wood bar stools. please tell me where you bought the unfinished wood bar stools. thanks

input: what type of paint was used to refinish the cabinets after the problem was discovered?
target: beautiful kitchen. who refinished the cabinets? what type of paint was used to refinish the cabinets after the problem was discovered? thank you.
output: beautiful kitchen. who refinished the cabinets? what type of paint was used to refinish the cabinets after the problem was discovered? thank you.

input: can you tell me the entire kitchen dimensions?
target: kitchen dimensions . beautiful work! can you tell me the entire kitchen dimensions?
output: kitchen dimensions. beautiful work! can you tell me the entire kitchen dimensions?

input: could you tell me where the stools are from?
target: stools . could you tell me where the stools are from? thank you.
output: stools. could you tell me where the stools are from? thank you.

input: are you able to tell me what style from heath this is?
target: backsplash tile . hello, i love your backsplash tile. are you able to tell me what style from heath this is? thank you!
output: backsplash tile. yes, that backsplash tile is stunning. are you able to tell me what style from heath this is? thank you!

input: could you provide some information on the cabinets used on this project?
target: cabinets . could you provide some information on the cabinets used on this project? thanks!
output: cabinets. could you provide some information on the cabinets used on this project? thanks!

input: hello, could you provide info on the wood/engineered flooring used on this project?
target: flooring . hello, could you provide info on the wood/engineered flooring used on this project? thanks!
output: flooring. hello, could you provide info on the wood/engineered flooring used on this project? thanks!

input: what brand and color paint?
target: what is the paint color? what brand and color paint? thank you!
output: what is the paint color? what brand and color paint? thank you!

input: hi, could you please give some tips on installing ipe flooring?
target: ipe floor installation process . hi, could you please give some tips on installing ipe flooring? we are currently in the process of diy carpet to ipe flooring and would like to know if there's any tips you'd give prior to install. we are also considering hiring a professional installer but we haven't found any contractors with ipe floor experience.
output: ipe floor installation process. hi, could you please give some tips on installing ipe flooring? we are currently in the process of diy carpet to ipe flooring and would like to know if there's any tips you'd give prior to install. we are also considering hiring a professional installer but we haven't found any contractors with ipe floor experience.

input: where do you get this type of fireplace?
target: port ludlow house fireplace . where do you get this type of fireplace? what is it called?
output: port ludlow house fireplace. where do you get this type of fireplace? what is it called?

input: additionally, would a flat roof keep the house hot in a caribbean climate?
target: sea blast . i'm looking into building a similar structure facing the sea but i'm worried about the effects of the sea blast on the metal parts of the house. additionally, would a flat roof keep the house hot in a caribbean climate? thank you.
output: sea blast. i'm looking into building a similar structure facing the sea but i'm worried about the effects of the sea blast on the metal parts of the house. additionally, would a flat roof keep the house hot in a caribbean climate? thank you.

input: what are those metal strips with lights and something hanging down?
target: ceiling lights . what are those metal strips with lights and something hanging down? are those sprinkler's in the ceiling? thanks for answering my questions. this is my favorite house oh houz! beautiful!
output: ceiling lights. what are those metal strips with lights and something hanging down? are those sprinkler's in the ceiling? thanks for answering my questions. this is my favorite house oh houz! beautiful!

input: are the fiberglass or aluminum?
target: window maker . who makes these windows. are the fiberglass or aluminum?
output: window maker. who makes these windows. are the fiberglass or aluminum?

input: could you tell who the builder/architect is?
target: house plan . i love the style of your home. could you tell who the builder/architect is?
output: i love this kitchen! could you tell who the builder/architect is? i love this kitchen!

input: what kind of wood floor is this and what stain was used?
target: love the flooring! what kind of wood floor is this and what stain was used? thanks in advance.
output: floors. what kind of wood floor is this and what stain was used? thanks

input: hi, what is the size of the countertop and how much do you leave for legs to sit down?
target: what is the size of sitting area countertop? hi, what is the size of the countertop and how much do you leave for legs to sit down? thanks
output: what is the size of sitting area countertop? hi, what is the size of the countertop and how much do you leave for legs to sit down? thanks

input: what hood did you use and how deep is that upper cabinet?
target: range hood . i love this seamless look over the cooktop. what hood did you use and how deep is that upper cabinet? great work!
output: range hood. i love this seamless look over the cooktop. what hood did you use and how deep is that upper cabinet?

input: what type of wood and finish (stains) were used here?
target: belgrade (new model) rountrey . love the kitchen. i am interested in the flooring. what type of wood and finish (stains) were used here? thank you in advance.
output: floors. i am in love with these floors. what type of wood and finish(stains) were used here? thanks!

input: what color are the cabinets?
target: hi, love this kitchen! what color are the cabinets? thanks . donnakjohsnon@mac.com
output: what color are the cabinets? i am looking for a light cream color for farmhouse kitchen. thank you!

input: may you provide the name of the colour used (not the island) but the more taupe brownish colour?
target: counter top . i am going to assume the counters are quarts? may you provide the name of the colour used (not the island) but the more taupe brownish colour? thank you.
output: counter top. i am going to assume the counters are quarts? may you provide the name of the colour used(not the island) but the more taupe brownish colour? thank you.

input: can you please share details about the countertop and flooring.
target: countertop and flooring . can you please share details about the countertop and flooring. i think they make a great combo with the white cabinets. thanks
output: countertop and flooring. can you please share details about the countertop and flooring. i think they make a great combo with the white cabinets. thanks

input: can you tell me the dimensions of the island?
target: size of the island? can you tell me the dimensions of the island? i love the seating space it creates!
output: dimensions. can you tell me the dimensions of the island? thanks

input: for curiousity's sake: why do you have 3 sinks in the kitchen?
target: for curiousity's sake: why do you have 3 sinks in the kitchen? do the 3 sinks have a separate and distinct function? this is a beautiful kitchen, the finishes are beautiful.
output: for curiousity's sake: why do you have 3 sinks in the kitchen? do the 3 sinks have a separate and distinct function? this is a beautiful kitchen, the finishes are beautiful.

input: can you please tell me where i can find them?
target: backsplash . i love your backsplash! can you please tell me where i can find them? thanks!
output: backsplash. i love your backsplash! can you please tell me where i can find them? thanks!

input: can you please share the details of the tile backsplash?
target: backsplash? can you please share the details of the tile backsplash? thank you
output: backsplash. can you please share the details of the tile backsplash? thank you.

input: since nobody has asked, what is the color of the countertop?
target: stunning! since nobody has asked, what is the color of the countertop? this whole house is stunning.
output: stunning! since nobody has asked, what is the color of the countertop? this whole house is stunning.

input: can you tell me the species and mfg of this floor?
target: this kitchen is beautiful! floors please! can you tell me the species and mfg of this floor? i love how it goes with the cabinet colors!
output: floor. can you tell me the species and mfg of this floor? thanks

input: can you please confirm the stain color and wood species .
target: stain color of island? and wood species? this kitchen is the inspiration for our kitchen remodel. can you please confirm the stain color and wood species . i saw walnut in the refrigerator picture? thank you in advance!
output: stain color of island? and wood species? can you please confirm the stain color and wood species. i live in the sf bay atea. thanks.

input: they look like a periwinkle/gray?
target: color of lower cabinets? they look like a periwinkle/gray? i'd love to know.
output: i love the cabinets. what is the color? they look like a periwinkle/gray? what is the color name?

input: who makes the cabinet hardware/pulls?
target: cabinet pulls . who makes the cabinet hardware/pulls? very nice! thank you
output: cabinet hardware. who makes the cabinet hardware/pulls? very nice! thank you

input: what is the type of material for the kitchen counters?
target: kitchen counter stone. gorgeous kitchen!! what is the type of material for the kitchen counters? it looks different from the marble island. thank you!
output: counter materials. what is the type of material for the kitchen counters? these are beautiful!

input: can't find a good brass fixture anywhere.
target: where are the pendants from? really like them . can't find a good brass fixture anywhere.
output: where can i find? we're renovating our kitchen and having a very similar layout in mind with white cabinets. it looks like there is a floor plan in this room. can't find a good brass fixture anywhere.

input: are the countertops mitered?
target: thickness? are the countertops mitered? what thickness? thanks again!
output: thickness? are the countertops mitered? what thickness? thanks.

input: what stone and color?
target: counters . what stone and color? thanks!
output: counters. what stone and color? thanks!

input: i have looked everywhere and can’t find similar ones :(
target: where are these chair cushions from? thank you in advance! i have looked everywhere and can’t find similar ones :(
output: where are the counter stools from? thank you. i have looked everywhere and can’t find similar ones: (

input: do you know if these have the ratan/woven seat and if so how durable and supportive the seat is?
target: madeline counter stool ? i love the stools from restoration hardware. do you know if these have the ratan/woven seat and if so how durable and supportive the seat is?
output: countertop materials? do you know if these have the ratan/woven seat and if so how durable and supportive the seat is? thank you

input: we have 10' ceilings.also could you tell me the distance between the island and the bottom of the pendant?
target: pendant lights. this is beautiful! i have a 9' x 4' island .should i purchase 3 of the 15" pendants or the 11"? we have 10' ceilings.also could you tell me the distance between the island and the bottom of the pendant? love this height.thank you for your help!
output: dimensions. we have 10' ceilings. also could you tell me the distance between the island and the bottom of the pendant? thanks.

input: what size is the island?
target: island. love it! what size is the island?
output: love this! what size is the island? and what is the material?

input: where are the cabinet pulls from?
target: love the kitchen! where are the cabinet pulls from? style # or name?
output: love the kitchen! where are the cabinet pulls from? cabinets?

input: what kind/color are they?
target: great kitchen! love the floors . what kind/color are they?
output: cabinets. what kind/color are they? thanks!

input: do you mind sending me the info?
target: backsplash . hi, i'm a designer andamp. i have a customer that wants this backsplash. do you mind sending me the info?
output: backsplash. hi, i'm a designer andamp. i have a client that wants this backsplash. do you mind sending me the info?

input: which pendants and sconces are those?
target: which pendants and sconces are those? where did you get your lighting from? love your mix of sconces and pendants!
output: which pendants and sconces are those? where did you get your lighting from? love your mix of sconces and pendants.

input: can you give me details about your flooring?
target: flooring . can you give me details about your flooring? beautiful! interested in brand and type of wood
output: flooring. can you give me details about your flooring? thanks!

input: can you tell me where you found it?
target: where is the sink from? we have been looking for an apron sink with a back splash similar to this. can you tell me where you found it? thanks.
output: i love the countertop! can you tell me where you found it? thanks!

input: can you tell me the maker or retailer of the curtains?
target: can you tell me the maker or retailer of the curtains? curtains! perfect curtains! exactly the primitive style i have been looking for! the material used for window and under the sink space is exquisite. i hope you have an answer for me. thanks, thanks, thanks.
output: can you tell me the maker or retailer of the curtains? curtains! perfect curtains! exactly the primitive style i have been looking for!

input: can you tell me the brand/color of flooring?
target: beautiful comfortable home. can you tell me about the flooring? can you tell me the brand/color of flooring? does it scratch easily? thanks!
output: flooring. can you tell me the brand/color of flooring? thanks

input: what is the paint color?
target: what is the paint color? thanks! paint color
output: counter top. i love this kitchen! what is the paint color? and the faucet?

input: what species and stain, or if engineered name andamp.
target: beautiful flooring . what species and stain, or if engineered name andamp. manufacturer.
output: beautiful flooring. what species and stain, or if engineered name andamp. manufacturer.

input: what type of wood did you use?
target: love the shelves . what type of wood did you use? thank you! love the shelves . what type of wood did you use? thank you!
output: floors? what type of wood did you use? thanks!

input: do you know what company/style these pendants are?
target: brass pendants . do you know what company/style these pendants are? thanks so much!! love this kitchen!
output: these are stunning! do you know what company/style these pendants are? thanks!

input: can you tell me what the color used on the island is?
target: paint color of island? can you tell me what the color used on the island is? lovely kitchen!
output: can you tell me what the color used on the island is? this kitchen is stunning!

input: this kitchen is just what i'm looking for.
target: is there a pantry? this kitchen is just what i'm looking for. just curious what they used as a pantry?
output: is there a pantry? this kitchen is just what i'm looking for. just curious what they used as a pantry?

input: could you please tell me the height of the solid part of the door and the size of the glass square?
target: i was wondering if you could tell me the height of the upper cabinets? they appear to be one cabinet door with a lit glass section on the top. could you please tell me the height of the solid part of the door and the size of the glass square? thanks so much! looks great!! i have limited ceiling height but love the look of the small square lit glass cabinets and i'm hoping this may work for me.
output: square. could you please tell me the height of the solid part of the door and the size of the glass square? thanks.

input: could you please share the color with me, and who makes it, please?
target: i love this cabinet color! could you please share the color with me, and who makes it, please? i think this cabinet color is beautiful! could you please share the color with me?
output: i love this cabinet color! could you please share the color with me, and who makes it, please? i think this cabinet color is beautiful! could you please share the color with me?

input: can you please tell me the name of the artist or where i might be able to find it.
target: love the large abstract art! where can i find it please? thanks . can you please tell me the name of the artist or where i might be able to find it. thanks
output: i love the abstract art! where can i find it please? thanks. can you please tell me the name of the artist or where i might be able to find it. thanks

input: can you provide specific figures?
target: dimensions: wall and ceiling height . the dimensions of the wall and ceiling work really well in this space. open but cozy. can you provide specific figures?
output: dimensions: wall and ceiling height. the dimensions of the wall and ceiling work really well in this space. open but cozy. can you provide specific figures?

input: where did you switch from monroe bisque to bone white for wall colors?
target: transition paint colors . this is a beautiful home! where did you switch from monroe bisque to bone white for wall colors? and what about from white chocolate to white dove for trim colors? and why did you change it? the house looks amazing.trying to see how it is put together.
output: transition paint colors. this is a beautiful home! where did you switch from monroe bisque to bone white for wall colors? and what about from white chocolate to white dove for trim colors? and why did you change it? the house looks amazing. trying to see how it is put together.

input: can you tell me where they are from.
target: great chairs! can you tell me where they are from. thank you.
output: great chairs! can you tell me where they are from. thank you.

input: what type of wood is the floor (white oak?
target: woods . what type of wood is the floor (white oak? ), butcher block island top (walnut? ), and breakfast table made from? thanks!
output: woods. what type of wood is the floor(white oak? ) , butcher block island top(walnut? ) , and breakfast table made from? thanks!

input: would you mind offering the make of the kitchen chandelier in your photo?
target: kitchen chandelier . would you mind offering the make of the kitchen chandelier in your photo? would be a great fit or my own kitchen. thank you in advance for your help. thank you, rr
output: kitchen chandelier. would you mind offering the make of the kitchen chandelier in your photo? would be a great fit or my own kitchen. thank you in advance for your help. thank you, rr

input: where can get them?
target: stools . where can get them? very nice
output: stools. where can get them? very nice

input: what species is it and where could i find it.
target: flooring . love this flooring! what species is it and where could i find it. i would drive anywhere to pick this up!
output: flooring. love this flooring! what species is it and where could i find it. i would drive anywhere to pick this up!

input: can you share the backsplash tile and countertop details?
target: backsplash and countertop . love this kitchen design. can you share the backsplash tile and countertop details? thank you!
output: backsplash and countertop. can you share the backsplash tile and countertop details? thank you.

input: can you share the information on the perimeter countertop?
target: perimeter countertops. can you share the information on the perimeter countertop? thank you.
output: can you share the information on the perimeter countertop? thank you. i have a client that wants this kitchen and everything about it. thank you.

input: can you tell me the measurements/dimensions of this whole kitchen space?
target: kitchen measurements . beautiful layout. and very good use of space. can you tell me the measurements/dimensions of this whole kitchen space?
output: kitchen measurements. beautiful layout. and very good use of space. can you tell me the measurements/dimensions of this whole kitchen space?

input: are those special doors or is this one of those take off the screens off the windows to make the pics look nicer than in reality deals?
target: does the fridge open pushed so far in? does the fridge open pushed so far in? are those special doors or is this one of those take off the screens off the windows to make the pics look nicer than in reality deals? hmmmmm?
output: does the fridge open pushed so far in? does the fridge open pushed so far in? are those special doors or is this one of those take off the screens off the windows to make the pics look nicer than in reality deals? hmmmmm?

input: would you please send details on the hood used?
target: kitchen hood used? hello, gorgeous kitchen! i love that you’ve been able to conceal the hood in such an interesting way. would you please send details on the hood used? thank you!
output: kitchen hood used? hello, gorgeous kitchen! i love that you’ve been able to conceal the hood in such an interesting way. would you please send details on the hood used? thank you!

input: i can’t tell but do you have handles on the lift doors?
target: hi, i love the cabinet set in handles. where are they from? i can’t tell but do you have handles on the lift doors? i love the fact that no handles seem to be sticking out except the fridge! i would like to create that in my kitchen but can’t seem to find a source for the hardware. thanks for any advice or leads! i love this kitchen!
output: i love this kitchen! where can i get the chairs? i can’t tell but do you have handles on the lift doors? i love the chairs! how difficult is it to maintain? thanks

input: is there a seam in the island?
target: is there a seam in the island? is there a seam in the island? and if so where is the seem? how noticeable is it?
output: is there a seam in the island? is there a seam in the island? and if so where is the seem? how noticeable is it?

input: are the upper cabinets each 12" or 14" tall?
target: distance between counter and wall cabinets . is it 24"? are the upper cabinets each 12" or 14" tall?
output: distance between counter and wall cabinets. is it 24" ? are the upper cabinets each 12" or 14" tall?

input: i am looking to do something similar and wondering if a 2cm quartz would work?
target: quartz thickness . beautiful kitchen! is the quartz on the island 2cm or 3ccm thick. i am looking to do something similar and wondering if a 2cm quartz would work? smaller island though thanks in advance
output: quartz thickness. beautiful kitchen! is the quartz on the island 2cm or 3ccm thick. i am looking to do something similar and wondering if a 2cm quartz would work? what is the thickness of the quartz? is this proportionally 1/3 or 1/4" ? what is the thickness of the quartz?

input: where did you get the bar stools?
target: beautiful kitchen. where did you get the bar stools? thanks!
output: beautiful kitchen. where did you get the bar stools? thanks

input: what are the island dimensions?
target: island and ceiling . what are the island dimensions? 9 ft.? 10 ft? and how high are the ceilings? thanks!
output: island. what are the island dimensions? this is such a beautiful space! thank you

input: where did you get the handles?
target: handles . hi, beautiful kitchen! where did you get the handles?
output: handles. hi, beautiful kitchen! where did you get the handles?

input: what is the wood used for the cabinets?
target: cabinets . what is the wood used for the cabinets? do they have a stain on them as well? thanks!
output: cabinets. what is the wood used for the cabinets? do they have a stain on them as well? thanks

input: what is the grout colour used for the backsplash.
target: grout colour . what is the grout colour used for the backsplash. thanks
output: grout colour. what is the grout colour used for the backsplash. thanks

input: can you share where you found the backsplash?
target: herringbone pattern tile . can you share where you found the backsplash? thanks!
output: herringbone pattern tile. can you share where you found the backsplash? thanks!

input: the shade of grey shown and style of furniture is perfect except my walls are square.
target: where can i find the nook chairs, tufted pillows and bench seating? i wish to do something similar with square seating in an adjacent kitchen area. the shade of grey shown and style of furniture is perfect except my walls are square.
output: where can i find the nook chairs, tufted pillows and bench seating? i wish to do something similar with square seating in an adjacent kitchen area. the shade of grey shown and style of furniture is perfect except my walls are square.

input: can you tell me where the bar stools can be purchased?
target: bar stools . can you tell me where the bar stools can be purchased? thank you.
output: bar stools. can you tell me where the bar stools can be purchased? thank you.

input: who makes the square light?
target: square light? who makes the square light? it's beautiful!
output: square light? who makes the square light? it's beautiful!

input: which paint did you use for the cabinets?
target: what color are used for the cabinets? thanks! which paint did you use for the cabinets?
output: what color are used for the cabinets? thanks! which paint did you use for the cabinets?

input: redoing my kitchen and i like this hardware, can you give me the info on it?
target: i am interested in the kitchrn hardware . redoing my kitchen and i like this hardware, can you give me the info on it? i'm having a very hard time deciding looking at samples on websites. this style is what i'm looking for and my cabinets are similar. appreciate your response. thank you!
output: i am interested in the kitchrn hardware. redoing my kitchen and i like this hardware, can you give me the info on it? i'm having a very hard time deciding looking at samples on websites. thank you in advance!

input: can you tell me a little but about the countertops?
target: counter . love this kitchen. can you tell me a little but about the countertops?
output: counter. can you tell me a little but about the countertops? thank you.

input: does this kitchen have a dishwasher?
target: does this kitchen have a dishwasher? love the look of this kitchen. was there room for a dishwasher? thanks!
output: does this kitchen have a dishwasher? love the look of this kitchen. was there room for a dishwasher? thanks.

input: can you please tell me the size of the kitchen?
target: size of the kitchen . i love how you used the space. can you please tell me the size of the kitchen? i'm about to deal with a small kitchen too and it will help me a lot. thank you!
output: size of the kitchen? and cabinet size? can you please tell me the size of the kitchen? it's stunning!

input: what is the beautiful countertop?
target: what is the beautiful countertop? hi, i’d also love to know the name of the countertop material. this is such a beautiful kitchen!thank you.
output: what is the beautiful countertop? hi, i'm looking for a similar countertop, and this kitchen is stunning. thanks!

input: can you tell me where i can find the window treatment?
target: window treatment . beautiful kitchen. can you tell me where i can find the window treatment?
output: window treatment. can you tell me where i can find the window treatment? what is it called?

input: do you know the make of the stools?
target: where are the stools from? nice design! do you know the make of the stools? thanks!
output: counter stools. do you know the make of the stools? thank you

input: can you share what brand/type/color it is?
target: backsplash tile . the backsplash tile is gorgeous! can you share what brand/type/color it is?
output: backsplash tile. can you share what brand/type/color it is? and what is the color?

input: what is the wall colour used here and did you carry the same wall colour through the rest of that floor?
target: wall colour used in kitchen? this is beautiful! i'm thinking about doing retreat on our lower cabinets. we already have white dove on top. what is the wall colour used here and did you carry the same wall colour through the rest of that floor? thank you!
output: wall colour used in kitchen? this is beautiful! i'm in the middle of my kitchen and would love to recreate this. what is the wall colour used here and did you carry the same wall colour through the rest of that floor? thank you!

input: what is the paint color used on these cabinets?
target: cabinet paint color . what is the paint color used on these cabinets? thank you
output: cabinet paint color? what is the paint color used on these cabinets? it is beautiful. thank you.

input: what size is the island?
target: lovely kitchen! what size is the island? thank you.
output: lovely kitchen! what size is the island? i'd like to know the size of the island. thanks.

input: just wondering what the wall and ceiling color is ?
target: wall and ceiling color . just wondering what the wall and ceiling color is ? i also never saw an answer on the cabinet color. but i am assuming cloud white ? thank you much
output: wall and ceiling color. just wondering what the wall and ceiling color is? i'm in love with this kitchen!

input: what are the pendant lights over the island?
target: beautiful room! what are the pendant lights over the island? thanks!
output: love the lights. what are the pendant lights over the island? thanks!

input: where where the counter stools purchased?
target: where where the counter stools purchased? love them. where where the counter stools purchased. love them.
output: where where the counter stools purchased? love them. where where the counter stools purchased. love them.

input: do they have a transformer or do they use regular 50 w halogens?
target: spotlights . what kind of spotlights are installed in the paneled ceiling? do they have a transformer or do they use regular 50 w halogens? we have similar ceiling and can't put spots with a hidden transformer since we don't have space in our ceiling. thanks.
output: halogens. what a hot hot and cold? do they have a transformer or do they use regular 50 w halogens?

input: do you have information about the flooring?
target: hello! do you have information about the flooring? company what it is color
output: flooring. do you have information about the flooring? and what is the stain color?

input: could you tell me the dimensions of the kitchen please?
target: kitchen size? could you tell me the dimensions of the kitchen please? i love the layout and am curious if we can do it in our kitchen as well
output: dimensions. could you tell me the dimensions of the kitchen please? i live in lehigh, florida.

input: what are the dimensions of the island?
target: what are the dimensions of the island? i would like to know the overall dimensions of the island including the seating at one end. how long and how wide is it over all?
output: what are the dimensions of the island? i would like to know the overall dimensions of the island including the seating at one end. how long and how wide is it over all?

input: what is the name of the countertops material?
target: what is the name of the countertops material? name of counter tops? granite or quartz?
output: countertops. what is the name of the countertops material? name of counter tops?

input: how high is your base cabinet?
target: base cabinet height . i see that you did 42" upper, 12" glass top, 4" crown molding. how high is your base cabinet? if the base cabinet height is 36", that leaves 14" between the counter top and upper cabinet. i want do do a similar design but worried about having enough height.
output: base cabinet height. how high is your base cabinet? and what is the height?

input: can you give the manufacturer and color of the backsplash and grout color?
target: backsplash . can you give the manufacturer and color of the backsplash and grout color? thanks!
output: backsplash. can you give the manufacturer and color of the backsplash and grout color? thanks

input: also how much soave you have between the island and the stove and the island and the side with the fridge.
target: island . would you mind sharing the size of this island. also how much soave you have between the island and the stove and the island and the side with the fridge. i'd greatly appreciate it!!
output: island. where is the fridge located? also how much soave you have between the island and the stove and the island and the side with the fridge. thanks

input: can you tell me what type of countertop is on the island?
target: countertop . the kitchen is beautiful. can you tell me what type of countertop is on the island? thank you!
output: countertop island. can you tell me what type of countertop is on the island? and is it countertop topped?

input: can you please tell me the make/model (if possible) of the faucet and soap dispenser?
target: faucet . what a gorgeous kitchen!! can you please tell me the make/model (if possible) of the faucet and soap dispenser? is the soap dispenser a built in or one of those held down by weight? thank you!
output: faucet. what a gorgeous kitchen! can you please tell me the make/model(if possible) of the faucet and soap dispenser? is there another faucet available? thank you

input: pendants?
target: very pretty! pendants? the island pendants are so pretty! please share the manufacturer, name/model, etc.
output: very nice. pendants? what is the name?

input: please tell me what brand and style the 12''' top glass cabinets are .
target: please tell me what brand and style the 12''' top glass cabinets are . we have 9' ceilings and our designer is telling us that no one will make a 12'' cabinet with glass and grills ! we would like to do 36''cabinets with 12'' stacked on top . thank you
output: please tell me what brand and style the 12' ' ' top glass cabinets are. we have 9' ceilings and our designer is telling us that no one will make a 12' ' cabinet with glass and grills! we would like to do 36' ' cabinets with 12' ' stacked on top. thank you

input: are those spice drawers/cabinets and if so, can you tell me what kind or where i might find some like that?
target: spice drawers? looks like from this pic that there are long thin cabinets on either side of the range. are those spice drawers/cabinets and if so, can you tell me what kind or where i might find some like that?
output: spice drawers? looks like from this pic that there are long thin cabinets on either side of the range. are those spice drawers/cabinets and if so, can you tell me what kind or where i might find some like that?

input: where are they from?
target: love the pendants over the island. where are they from? i would so appreciate any source for those pendants thank you so much!
output: love the floors? where are they from? what type and style?

input: where are the countertops made and what is the color?
target: i love this whole kitchen! we having been using this kitchen as sort of a inspiration for our new kitchen. where are the countertops made and what is the color?
output: i love this whole kitchen! where are the countertops made and what is the color? thanks

input: what’s the name and who makes it please
target: what is the cabinet color . love the cabinet color. what’s the name and who makes it please
output: what is the cabinet color. love the cabinet color. what’s the name and who makes it please

input: i purchased a sample of the backsplash from tilebar, but don't know how it will look with my sw alabaster cabinets.
target: perimeter cabinet paint color . what paint color are the white cabinets? i purchased a sample of the backsplash from tilebar, but don't know how it will look with my sw alabaster cabinets. thanks.
output: perimeter cabinets. i purchased a sample of the backsplash from tilebar, but don't know how it will look with my sw alabaster cabinets. thanks

input: i would love to know if the hood in this project photo i ventilated through the roof?
target: need assistance with hood specs . i love your design! i am considering using this style hood from modernaire for my client's kitchen. i would love to know if the hood in this project photo i ventilated through the roof? or how? also at what height from the floor is this hood mounted? thanks so much!
output: need assistance with hood specs. i am going with a 9 x 4 ft hood. i would love to know if the hood in this project photo i ventilated through the roof? is there a cover for this hood? thank you for your help!

input: if so, would you share manufacturer?
target: is the range hood prefabricated. if so, would you share manufacturer? is it brushed stainless? thank you.
output: is the range hood prefabricated. if so, would you share manufacturer? is it brushed stainless? thank you.

input: is it possible for us to sand the surface and use something different to protect and still maintain the matte finish that we like?
target: wondering what stain/seal was used on the island top. we just purchased a 9 x 4 ft butcher block top (dark roasted stain). the designer coated it with a boiled linseed oil, but every little scratch shows up. is it possible for us to sand the surface and use something different to protect and still maintain the matte finish that we like?
output: what is the finish of the matte surface? we are going to install a matte finish, and this color will be perfect. it is possible for us to sand the surface and use something different to protect and still maintain the matte finish that we like?

input: could you please tell me what type of wood the island top is made of?
target: island top . could you please tell me what type of wood the island top is made of? i am looking at heart pine but worried that it may have to much of an orange look. any input? in my eyes, this kitchen is perfect!
output: island top. could you please tell me what type of wood the island top is made of? i am looking at heart pine but worried that it may have to much of an orange look. any input? thanks

input: what are the dimensions of the kitchen island?
target: kitchen island . what are the dimensions of the kitchen island? thank you!
output: kitchen island. what are the dimensions of the kitchen island? and cabinet size?

input: are the pulls and knobs mixed metals?
target: are the pulls and knobs mixed metals? it appears that the sink wall are chrome/silver and island and other counters are mat brass. is that true? the kitchen is beautiful and looking to mix metals in my new kitchen. does it work?
output: are the pulls and knobs mixed metals? it appears that the pulls and knobs are mixed metals. are the pulls and knobs mixed metals? it seems that the metals are mixed with a hard white and i like the mix of colors. what color/brand is this?

input: are these the elegant "gordon" pendants?
target: pendants . are these the elegant "gordon" pendants? if they are, which size are they? love them. thanks!
output: pendants. are these the elegant" gordon" pendants? if they are, which size are they? love them. thanks!

input: could you tell me the room dimensions.
target: dimensions . could you tell me the room dimensions. it is a wonderful layout! thank you.
output: dimensions. could you tell me the room dimensions. it is a wonderful layout! thank you.

input: how do the cabinets open?
target: cabinet question . how do the cabinets open? i don't see any hardware.
output: cabinet question. how do the cabinets open? i don't see any hardware.

input: and what is the style?
target: love the range hood! where is it from? and what is the style? thanks
output: love the range hood! where is it from? and what is the style? thanks

input: are you able to share where did you get the pendant lights over the island from?
target: pendant lights . are you able to share where did you get the pendant lights over the island from? thank you
output: pendant lights. are you able to share where did you get the pendant lights over the island from? thank you

input: can you please tell me what the name of it is and the material?
target: island marble? quartz? hi, i love the island material. can you please tell me what the name of it is and the material? thank you!
output: love the countertop and the material. can you please tell me what the name of it is and the material? thank you

input: can you supply the model or item number of this hood
target: what is the item number for the hood . i have gone to fergusons web site but do not see the hood in this kitchen. can you supply the model or item number of this hood
output: what is the item number for the hood. can you supply the model or item number of this hood

input: where is the back splash tile from?
target: where is the back splash tile from? beautiful compliment to floors. i have slate tiles in my kitchen which we kept during renovation. i am having a difficult time with finding the right back splash.
output: where is the back splash tile from? beautiful compliment to floors. thanks

input: could you please provide the brand and model # of the range hood?
target: could you please provide the brand and model # of the range hood? we are remodeling our kitchen and would like to incorporate a conceded in cabinet range hood with the ss edge detail exposed (as pictured). what type of hood was used here? thank you.
output: love the range hood. could you please provide the brand and model# of the range hood? and, the cabinet insert? thank you.

input: could you please share where you purchased the pendants?
target: pendant lighting . beautiful kitchen! could you please share where you purchased the pendants?
output: pendant lighting. could you please share where you purchased the pendants? thank you!

input: did you make these or order them?
target: naked bulb lights . did you make these or order them? can you give me details? i need about 14 or so.
output: naked bulb lights. did you make these or order them? can you give me details? i need about 14 or so.

input: however i'm struggling with what sort of sofa to choose and i'd like to add some more warmth to the room.
target: imitation is the sincerest form of flattery! i love this kitchen and i'm trying to recreate it myself. however i'm struggling with what sort of sofa to choose and i'd like to add some more warmth to the room. do you have any suggestions of fabric of colour? thank you!
output: kitchen warmth. this kitchen is my inspiration for what i am looking for. however i'm struggling with what sort of sofa to choose and i'd like to add some more warmth to the room. do you have any suggestions of fabric? thank you!

input: might we have permission to use the photo with the blog?
target: photo permission . hi there, i'm writing a blog on cabinet storage for woodiq.com. this is a great storage cabinet. might we have permission to use the photo with the blog? we would, of course, link back to your houzz site.
output: photo permission. hi there! we have a blog on the blog and the blogosphere. might we have permission to use the photo with the blog? we are using the photo with the blog

input: however, they had to be screwed right into the cabinet doors and now i can't even find the 2 tier spice one.
target: is it adjustable? is there a wider holders.something that will hold objects larger than spice bottles? i am replacing a unit that i put together myself by buying off the shelf holders made of pvc. they had 2 sizes.1 that was a 2 tier great for spice bottles and another that was twice as wide. however, they had to be screwed right into the cabinet doors and now i can't even find the 2 tier spice one. also, i didn't like that they were not adjustable in height so there was some wasted space.
output: is there a spice between spice bottles and spice bottles? this is such a beautiful kitchen! however, they had to be screwed right into the cabinet doors and now i can't even find the 2 tier spice one. what is the cost of the spice bottles and how was it sealed?

input: can you please share the cabinet hardware information, please.
target: beautiful kitchen . love everything about this kitchen. can you please share the cabinet hardware information, please. thank you.
output: hardware. can you please share the cabinet hardware information, please. thank you

input: who makes the barstools?
target: barstools . lovely design. who makes the barstools?
output: barstools. lovely design. who makes the barstools?

input: could you please give me info on the countertop material?
target: beautiful space. could you please give me info on the countertop material? thanks!
output: countertop material. could you please give me info on the countertop material? thank you!

input: can you tell me where you found the pendant lights hanging over the island?
target: pendant lights . can you tell me where you found the pendant lights hanging over the island? thank you!
output: pendant lights. can you tell me where you found the pendant lights hanging over the island? thank you!

input: if not would you pls share the manufacturer name?
target: beautiful cabinets . are these kitchen cabinets custom? if not would you pls share the manufacturer name?
output: beautiful cabinets. are these kitchen cabinets custom? if not would you pls share the manufacturer name?

input: what type of shaker cabinets are used?
target: what type of shaker cabinets are used? beautiful. thanks!
output: what type of shaker cabinets are used? what type of shaker cabinets are used? beautiful. thanks

input: may i please know where to purchase these knobs and pulls?
target: knobs and pulls . may i please know where to purchase these knobs and pulls? your design is beautiful.
output: knobs and pulls. may i please know where to purchase these knobs and pulls? your design is beautiful.

input: where is this cabinet hardware from?
target: cabinet hardware. where is this cabinet hardware from? i'd love to find it for a project i'm working on. thanks!
output: cabinet hardware. where is this cabinet hardware from? i'd like to know details about it. thanks

input: what wallpaper did you use for the back of the bookshelves?
target: wallpaper . what wallpaper did you use for the back of the bookshelves? thanks so much.
output: wallpaper. what wallpaper did you use for the back of the bookshelves? thanks

input: can i have a picture of the sides!
target: can i have a picture of the sides! love this island . i need to see the side of this !
output: can i have a picture of the sides! love the sides of this kitchen! i need to see the side of the island. thanks

input: what kind of countertop is that?
target: countertops! what kind of countertop is that? i love it and need it. thanks!
output: countertops! what kind of countertop is that? what color is it?

input: knowing the length of each wall where the sink and dish washer is and the wall with the stove would really help.
target: what is the actual size of the kitchen. it would really help if i had the dimension of this room as this is a great layout and one i would consider for my remodel. knowing the length of each wall where the sink and dish washer is and the wall with the stove would really help. thanks
output: what is the actual size of the kitchen. it would really help if i had the dimension of this room as this is a great layout and one i would consider for my remodel. knowing the length of each wall where the sink and dish washer is and the wall with the stove would really help. thanks

input: my concern however is the distance between the stove and sink.
target: distance between sink and stove? where is the fridge? thanks . this is exactly the design i am thinking of as i remodel my kitchen. my concern however is the distance between the stove and sink. ( for me it would be about 6ft) the area would also be a walkway into the dining room. as well, does the island interfere with the walk space? hard to tell from this angle/ finally where is the fridge???? many, many thanks.
output: distance between sink and stove? where is the fridge? thanks. this is exactly the design i am thinking of as i remodel my kitchen. my concern however is the distance between the stove and sink. (for me it would be about 6ft) the area would also be a walkway into the dining room. as well, does the island interfere with the walk space? hard to tell from

input: range hood?
target: range hood? i'm sure it's custom. love it!
output: range hood? i'm sure it's custom. love it!

input: what's paint used on the walls?
target: wall color . what's paint used on the walls? it's perfect.
output: wall color? what's paint used on the walls? it's perfect.

input: what is your opinion of them for people who really like to cook and aren't just buying one for looks?
target: you use a lot of lacanche ranges in your designs. are they good ranges . i'm considering a lacanche, but there are no showrooms in the bay area. i'm reluctant as i have absolutely no idea if they are well.functioning ranges. i'm assuming that the functionality is similar to a lacornue. while i love the look of them, the functionality is equally important. what is your opinion of them for people who really like to cook and aren't just buying one for looks?
output: you use a lot of lacanche ranges in your designs. are these lacanche cabinets? what is your opinion of them for people who really like to cook and aren't just buying one for people who really like to cook and aren't sure if i should purchase them

input: i notice that you use a lot of white colored what i assume to be engineered stone.
target: what type of countertop do you use in your projects? color and brand? i notice that you use a lot of white colored what i assume to be engineered stone. which brand do you like best and what color? i absolutely adore your design aesthetic.
output: what is the color and manufacturer of the countertops? i notice that you use a lot of white colored what i assume to be engineered stone. which brand do you like best and what color is used? thank you

input: what kind of wood and stain are the cabinets?
target: what kind of wood and stain are the cabinets? this is such a classy kitchen! just beautiful!
output: what kind of wood and stain are the cabinets? this is such a classy kitchen! just beautiful!

input: i love the backsplash, can you tell me the name of it?
target: building our home . i love the backsplash, can you tell me the name of it? thank you
output: i love the backsplash, can you tell me the name of it? i love the backsplash, can you tell me the name of it? thank you!

input: can the island be purchased as is anywhere?
target: kitchen island . can the island be purchased as is anywhere? and what is the price and it's dimensions?
output: kitchen island. can the island be purchased as is anywhere? and what is the price and it's dimensions?

input: what color soapstone is it?
target: counters are beautiful. what color soapstone is it? was it sealed?
output: counters are beautiful. what color soapstone is it? was it sealed?

input: can you tell me where they are hidden?
target: electric outlets? i love this kitchen but don't see any of the required electric outlets. can you tell me where they are hidden? thanks.
output: i like the lights over dining table. can you tell me where they are hidden? i love the small sight lines!

input: would you share information about the hood?
target: what is the hood made of? would you share information about the hood? thanks!
output: what is the hood made of? would you share information about the hood? thanks!

input: are the cabinets custom built?
target: are the cabinets custom built? i love this kitchen very much but am unable to find cabinets like this. are they custom made . if not, who is the maker?
output: are the cabinets custom built? i love this kitchen very much but am unable to find cabinets like this. are they custom built. if not, who is the maker?

input: could i have the color of the cabinets please?
target: could i have the color of the cabinets please? amazing kitchen!!!! could i have the color of the cabinets please? amazing kitchen!!!
output: could i have the color of the cabinets please? amazing kitchen! ! ! ! could i have the color of the cabinets please? amazing kitchen! ! !

input: would you please let me know who makes or sells it?
target: love the backsplash! would you please let me know who makes or sells it? thank you. this is the best kitchen ever!
output: love the backsplash. would you please let me know who makes or sells it? thank you.

input: are you able to tell me the depth of the baking area, including base cabinets.
target: kitchen baking station . are you able to tell me the depth of the baking area, including base cabinets. thank you.
output: kitchen baking station. are you able to tell me the depth of the baking area, including base cabinets. thank you.

input: what are these counter tops?
target: counter tops . what are these counter tops? what is the brand please? this kitchen is gorgeous!
output: counter tops. what are these counter tops? what is the brand please? this kitchen is gorgeous!

input: what are the measurements and if possible, the brand.thanks!
target: double sink . i am remodeling my kitchen and will have limited counter space. this double sink seems to be the perfect size i am looking for. what are the measurements and if possible, the brand.thanks!
output: measurements. measurements are what possible, the brand. thanks!

input: what type of floor is this?
target: floor . what type of floor is this? is it engineered?
output: floor. what type of floor is this? who is the manufacturer?

input: what paint color was used for the cabinets?
target: cabinet color . what paint color was used for the cabinets? looks great with the gold accents!
output: cabinetry paint color? what paint color was used for the cabinets? it looks fantastic!

input: can you give me information on the stools.
target: counter stools . can you give me information on the stools. thanks.
output: counter stools. can you give me information on the stools. thanks.

input: where is this door from?
target: lovely! where is this door from? where is this door from?
output: lovely! where is this door from? where is this door from?

input: can you tell me if your kitchen and prep faucets are the same size and where did you purchase?
target: brass/ gold kitchen and prep faucets . can you tell me if your kitchen and prep faucets are the same size and where did you purchase? i'm have trouble finding matching kitchen andamp. prep faucets in gold tones.
output: kitchen and prep faucets. can you tell me if your kitchen and prep faucets are the same size and where did you purchase? i live in new jersey. thank you.

input: is this floor pre finished oak?
target: floors? is this floor pre finished oak? or hickory?
output: floors? is this floor pre finished oak? or hickory?

input: i may be missing the obvious but can you tell me the style of wood mode cabinet?
target: cabinet style? hello. my wife is in love with this kitchen! i may be missing the obvious but can you tell me the style of wood mode cabinet?
output: cabinets. hello, beautiful work! i may be missing the obvious but can you tell me the style of wood mode cabinet?

input: island electric outlet .
target: island electric outlet . slightly random question, but was there a special way you inset the electric outlet on the side of the island. it blends in so much nicer then the type outlet plate. thanks!
output: island electric outlet. i would also like to know the measurements of the island and if so, as in your reference in the navy. thanks!

input: is it the same as the backsplash?
target: love the island top. what is it? is it the same as the backsplash?
output: love the island top. what is it? is it the same as the backsplash?

input: i was told that pure white has blue undertones but i don't see any when i sample on my walls.
target: undertones . i was told that pure white has blue undertones but i don't see any when i sample on my walls. have you had any issues with pure white? i'm having my kitchen cabinets painted that color.
output: undertones. i was told that pure white has blue undertones but i don't see any when i sample on my walls. have you had any issues with pure white? i'm having my kitchen cabinets painted that color.

input: are the cabinets made of mdf.if not what is the material please.
target: cabinet material . are the cabinets made of mdf.if not what is the material please. thank u in advance
output: cabinet material. are the cabinets made of mdf. if not what is the material please. thank u in advance

input: do you happen to know if the frame or cabinet door has a bead?
target: beautiful! i see that the cabinets are custom. do you happen to know if the frame or cabinet door has a bead? i don't think so, but it's hard to tell for sure.
output: beautiful! i see that the cabinets are custom. do you happen to know if the frame or cabinet door has a bead? i don't think so, but it's hard to tell for sure.

input: my cabinet maker made me a sample door but i want it to look exactly like these and these seem a bit wider?
target: gorgeous work! love the cabinet style . this kitchen is my inspiration. could you please tell me the width of the stiles? my cabinet maker made me a sample door but i want it to look exactly like these and these seem a bit wider? thanks so much!
output: where do you buy the banquette? i am going to the banquette. my cabinet maker made me a sample door but i want it to look exactly like these and these seem a bit wider? what are the dimensions of the banquette? where are they from?

input: are these insert cabinets or shaker?
target: cabinets? are these insert cabinets or shaker? thanks. lovely kitchen
output: cabinets? are these insert cabinets or shaker? thanks.

input: what else is here besides the faucet.
target: what else is here besides the faucet. soap dispenser, sprayer,. is there also a water purifier?
output: what else is here besides the faucet. soap dispenser, sprayer, . is there also a water purifier?

input: are the counter tops granite?
target: simply beautiful! are the counter tops granite? soapstone? thanks.
output: are the counter tops granite? if so what is the color? thank you.

input: size is the silver fruit bowl?
target: silver/pewter bowls? what brand andamp. size is the silver fruit bowl?
output: silver/pewter bowls? what brand andamp. size is the silver fruit bowl?

input: where is it from?
target: flooring . we have white cabinets and black granite countertops but hate our light hickory flooring and would like to change to a darker wood. love this flooring! where is it from? thanks!
output: like the backsplash tile very much. where is it from? what style?

input: can you please tell me the wall color.
target: wall color . beautiful room . can you please tell me the wall color. looks great with the pure white. thanks!
output: wall color. can you please tell me the wall color. it is beautiful. thanks

input: any hidden pantry door advice you’d give to a homeowner that is interested incorporating a feature like this?
target: hidden pantry door advice . any hidden pantry door advice you’d give to a homeowner that is interested incorporating a feature like this? we don’t have a custom cabinet maker here in austin tx we are working with.looking to go with cabico out of canada and they said they can accomplish. anything you did different to share?
output: hidden pantry door advice. any hidden pantry door advice you’d give to a homeowner that is interested incorporating a feature like this? we don’t have a custom cabinet for this kitchen and this is giving away a secret pantry.

input: can you share for details in the cabinets?
target: i love this kitchen! can you share for details in the cabinets? are the cabinets custom?
output: cabinets. can you share for details in the cabinets? and what is the material?

input: could you please tell me the name of the countertops?
target: countertops . this is probably the most beautiful kitchen i have ever seen on houzz! i am not exaggerating. the way you used so many different elements cohesively is, simply put, art. bravo! could you please tell me the name of the countertops?
output: countertops. this is probably the most beautiful kitchen i have ever seen on houzz! i am not exaggerating. the way you used so many different elements cohesively is, simply put, art. bravo! could you please tell me the name of the countertops?

input: what is the material of the cabinets?
target: black cabinets . what is the material of the cabinets? are they stained or painted?
output: cabinets. what is the material of the cabinets? are they stained or painted?

input: how did you design the lower corner in that same area?
target: how did you design the lower corner in that same area? i like the look of the lower cabinets and countertop too in that area as you don’t have a corner cabinet. how was that designed? thank you
output: how did you design the lower corner in that same area? i like the look of the lower cabinets and countertop too in that area as you don’t have a corner cabinet. how was that designed? thank you

input: are subway tiles ceramic or marble?
target: beautiful backsplash. are subway tiles ceramic or marble? thanks
output: beautiful backsplash. are subway tiles ceramic or marble? what is the material?

input: how are the two meeting in the corner, i can't really tell.
target: corner units . i am also trying to put open shelves on one side of the corner and cabinets on the other side. how is this constructed in your design? how are the two meeting in the corner, i can't really tell. thanks :)
output: corner units. i am also trying to put open shelves on one side of the corner and cabinets on the other side. how is this constructed in your design? how are the two meeting in the corner, i can't really tell. thanks: )

input: the stove looks like a flat top, is it electric?
target: stove . the stove looks like a flat top, is it electric? what brand is it? thank you
output: stove. the stove looks like a flat top, is it electric? what brand is it? thank you

input: need advice on what to paint a kitchen dining set(wood).
target: wood furniture paint . need advice on what to paint a kitchen dining set(wood). and what type of paint.
output: wood furniture paint. need advice on what to paint a kitchen dining set(wood) . and what type of paint.

input: could you tell me the colour of the paint behind the shelves please?
target: requesting paint colour. will be restyling the kitchen in a house we've bought on the coast and plan to move into in a few months.want to do open shelving just like yours in the picture. could you tell me the colour of the paint behind the shelves please?
output: requesting paint colour. will be restyling the kitchen in a house we've bought on the coast and plan to move into in a few months. want to do open shelving just like yours in the picture. could you tell me the colour of the paint behind the shelves please?

input: i would appreciate guidance on where to find this tile.
target: love the backsplash tile. what is the brand/colour? i would appreciate guidance on where to find this tile.
output: i would appreciate guidance on where to find this tile. what is the material?

input: please, what is the type and brand name of material of the counter used?
target: what is the material of counter? please, what is the type and brand name of material of the counter used? it is beautiful!
output: counter material. please, what is the type and brand name of material of the counter used? it is beautiful

input: are the appliances used in the drawers (outlets in the drawers)?
target: electrical outlets? around the sink area there does not appear to be electrical outlets. are the appliances used in the drawers (outlets in the drawers)? i’m trying to figure this out in my own project. the outlets and cords should be low, near counter top, no?
output: electrical outlets? where is the electrical outlet from? are the appliances used in the drawers(outlets in the drawers) ? thank you!

input: can't find any info anywhere about whether we can use glass to protect it.
target: can we cover an onyx countertop with glass to protect it? help! we want to install a honey onyx countertop on our kitchen island. approx 4 x 8 in size, no cutouts. the onxy supplier is strongly cautioning us against using onyx in this application. even when sealed it stains, scratches, etc. can't find any info anywhere about whether we can use glass to protect it. seems like a simple fix but i'm suspicious because we can't find that as a solution.
output: can we cover an onyx countertop with glass to protect it? help! we want to install a honey onyx countertop on our kitchen island. approx 4 x 8 in size, no cutouts. the onxy supplier is strongly cautioning us against using onyx in this application. even when sealed it stains, scratches, etc. can't find any info anywhere about whether we can

input: is the island a quartzite?
target: counter material . please share the counter materials used. is the island a quartzite?
output: counter material. is the island a quartzite? is the island a quartzite?

input: where is it from?
target: like the backsplash tile very much. where is it from? what style?
output: like the backsplash tile very much. where is it from? what style?

input: is it called an apron sink?
target: love the sink! where can i get in? is it called an apron sink?
output: sink. is it called an apron sink? and, if so, the model?

input: can you provide any info on the barstools?
target: barstools . what an inviting room! can you provide any info on the barstools?
output: barstools. what an inviting room! can you provide any info on the barstools?

input: can you describe the colors, perhaps give the make/color?
target: bachsplash . the back splash is stunning. can you describe the colors, perhaps give the make/color?
output: bachsplash. the back splash is stunning. can you describe the colors, perhaps give the make/color?

input: can you please tell me where i can find this style stool?
target: stool in this picture? can you please tell me where i can find this style stool? thanks!
output: stool in this picture? can you please tell me where i can find this style stool? thanks!

input: just wondering what the countertop is?
target: what is the countertop? just wondering what the countertop is? thank you!
output: what is the countertop? just wondering what the countertop is? thank you!

input: travertine or marble?
target: backsplash?? any idea? travertine or marble?
output: backsplash? ? any idea? travertine or marble?

input: would you please share the name of these materials?
target: i love the countertop and the color of the cabinets. would you please share the name of these materials? thanks.
output: i love the countertop and the color of the cabinets. would you please share the name of these materials? thanks.

input: what is the paint color for the cream cabinets??
target: what is the paint color for the cream cabinets?? what was used for the countertops?? gorgeous kitchen!
output: cream cabinets. what is the paint color for the cream cabinets? ? and what is the custom?

input: can you tell me the cabinet line used to make the peninsula glass cabinets?
target: peninsula glass cabinets . can you tell me the cabinet line used to make the peninsula glass cabinets? specifically i love the 3 sides of glass at end of peninsula. thanks
output: peninsula glass cabinets. can you tell me the cabinet line used to make the peninsula glass cabinets? specifically i love the 3 sides of glass at end of peninsula. thanks

input: who did you source for the window coverings?
target: breezy brentwood . hi jill, continue to think this a terrific design. who did you source for the window coverings?
output: breezy brentwood. hi jill, continue to think this a terrific design. who did you source for the window coverings?

input: how significant is the contribution of knobs to this design?
target: how significant is the contribution of knobs to this design? love, love, love this kitchen andamp. family room. building a home with similar cabinet color with a light granite and an island with black granite. trying to decided if i should deviate from the mostly nickel/silver/pewter knob options and go with something bronze as you did.
output: how significant is the contribution of knobs to this design? love, love, love this kitchen andamp. family room. building a home with similar cabinet color with a light granite and an island with black granite. trying to decided if i should deviate from the mostly nickel/silver/pewter knob options and go with something bronze as you did.

input: is the caesarstone honed also?
target: caesar stone . hi jill, i love this room and all your work. is the caesarstone honed also? thanks!
output: caesar stone. is the caesarstone honed also? if so, what color? thanks

input: would you mind telling me how wide the pulls are?
target: pulls . would you mind telling me how wide the pulls are? these are so proportionally great looking!
output: pulls. would you mind telling me how wide the pulls are? these are so proportionally great looking!

input: ive shown everyone whose re doing their kitchen this site, the same question comes up.does the island scratches show?
target: kitchen island wow . ive shown everyone whose re doing their kitchen this site, the same question comes up.does the island scratches show? is it better to go honed black granite or put a finish on it. just love your work.
output: kitchen island scratches? ive shown everyone whose re doing their kitchen this site, the same question comes up. does the island scratches show? is it better to go honed black granite or put a finish on it. just love your work.

input: what are the white countertops made of?
target: white countertops . what are the white countertops made of? excellent job!
output: white countertops. what are the white countertops made of? and what is the wood itself?

input: would really appreciate it
target: beautiful lights on the island. please share the details. would really appreciate it
output: beautiful lights on the island. where to find the led strip lighting? please advise. thanks.

input: how should you maintain this type of granite?
target: gorgeous kitchen. love the island countertop! how should you maintain this type of granite? thanks so much for your time.
output: countertops. how should you maintain this type of granite? what is the name of it? thanks

input: what are the countertops?
target: what are the countertops? thank you! countertops?
output: countertops? what are the countertops? thank you.

input: how did you cover the range hood?
target: beautiful kitchen. how did you cover the range hood? painted wood?
output: beautiful kitchen. how did you cover the range hood? painted wood?

input: could you please advise.
target: fantastic flooring. could you please advise. excellent complement.
output: fantastic flooring. could you please advise. excellent complement.

input: could you please tell me the color of the cabinets?
target: cabinet color . could you please tell me the color of the cabinets? they are just what i am looking for!
output: could you please tell me the color of the cabinets? thank you.

input: could you please share the paint color used on the cabinets?
target: paint color . could you please share the paint color used on the cabinets? it's lovely!
output: paint color. could you please share the paint color used on the cabinets? it's lovely.

input: as to why this designer post pics of there work and than,refuse to respond to questions that you post?
target: any specific reason. as to why this designer post pics of there work and than,refuse to respond to questions that you post? so unprofessional don't you think?
output: any specific reason. as to why this designer post pics of there work and than, refuse to respond to questions that you post? so unprofessional don't you think?

input: what are the cabinet and wall colors?
target: colors? what are the cabinet and wall colors? please?
output: colors? what are the cabinet and wall colors? please?

input: can you tell me where you found the shelving on the back wall?
target: adore your design!! awesome . can you tell me where you found the shelving on the back wall?
output: adore your design! can you tell me where you found the shelving on the back wall? thanks!

input: what is the paint color of the cabinets?
target: paint color and countertop . what is the paint color of the cabinets? what type of countertop?
output: paint color and countertop. what is the paint color of the cabinets? what is the countertop material?

input: could you please tell me what the paint color of the wall and cabinets?
target: wall and cabinet paint colors? hi there! could you please tell me what the paint color of the wall and cabinets?
output: wall and cabinet paint colors. could you please tell me what the paint color of the wall and cabinets? also, what is the paint color on the wall and cabinet? thanks.

input: what a beautiful glass window!
target: what a beautiful glass window! i would like to know more about the artist and his work! oh, my husband and sons would love this. well, really, so would i!!
output: what a beautiful glass window! i would like to know more about the artist and his work! oh, my husband and sons would love this. well, really, so would i! !

input: how are they finished?
target: beautiful cabinets. how are they finished? beautiful cabinets. how are they finished?
output: beautiful cabinets. how are they finished? thanks. i have these cabinets. what is the name?

input: what is the type of wood and stain used on the floor?
target: flooring type and stain . what is the type of wood and stain used on the floor? beautiful kitchen! well done!
output: flooring type and stain. what is the type of wood and stain used on the floor? this is beautiful!

input: what inspired this design?
target: inspiration . such a great idea! what inspired this design?
output: inspiration. such great use of space! what inspired this design?

input: do you think all 3 will look too much?
target: darlana pendant and linear light . i have bought 2 medium darlana pendants and the 6light linear for over breakfast nook table that seats 8. this is all in same room. 9/10 ft ceilings. do you think all 3 will look too much? should i get small darlana? wrecking my brain
output: darlana pendants. i have a client that loves all 3 kitchens and want to do just the right amount. do you think all 3 will look too much? what is the price?

input: what is the width of the hood and also of the cabinets next to it?
target: what is the width of the hood and also of the cabinets next to it? kitchen remodel, trying to get perspective on hood size. danville, ca.
output: what is the width of the hood and also of the cabinets next to it? looks great!

input: can you share the material and brand of perimeter counter tops?
target: beautiful kitchen! can you share the material and brand of perimeter counter tops? i will also like to know if this wall paint is 'warm' or 'cool' in undertones. thank you in advance.
output: can you share the material and brand of perimeter counter tops? i love the roman shade of this room. thank you.

input: where are the counter stools from?
target: kitchen . where are the counter stools from? thanks!
output: stools? stunning kitchen! where are the counter stools from?

input: could you help me know the width of the island?
target: width of this kitchen? and relative width of island? could you help me know the width of the island? and the overall width of the kitchen
output: width of the island? could you help me know the width of the island? thanks.

input: could you share your source for the pendant lights above island?
target: pendants are awesome! could you share your source for the pendant lights above island? thanks!
output: where can you find the pendant lights above island? thanks. could you share your source for the pendant lights above island? thanks.

input: is your hardware ashley norton?
target: hardware . thank you for sharing your photos! is your hardware ashley norton? what finish? thanks again!
output: hardware. is your hardware ashley norton? what finish? thank you.

input: what stain is the floor?
target: floor . what stain is the floor? and width of planks?
output: floor. what stain is the floor? and width of planks?

input: name of backsplash please.?
target: backsplash . name of backsplash please.? its very pretty
output: backsplash. name of backsplash please. ? its very pretty

input: what is the floor stain color?
target: what is the floor stain color? white or red oak? thanks
output: flooring. what is the floor stain color? and, if so, the stain? thanks

input: what make and model is the microwave.
target: microwave . what make and model is the microwave. it's nicer looking than some
output: microwave. what make and model is the microwave. it's perfect. thanks

input: how are the island legs attached to the floor?
target: how are the island legs attached to the floor? awesome kitchen! great use of contrasting uppers and lowers!
output: how are the island legs attached to the floor? awesome kitchen! great use of contrasting uppers and lowers!

input: what is the blue paint color on the lower cabinets?
target: what is the blue paint color on the lower cabinets? please tell me the paint color used on the lower cabinets. the blue color
output: what is the blue paint color on the lower cabinets? please tell me the paint color used on the lower cabinets. the blue color

input: how high are the ceilings?
target: ceiling height? this is really beautiful! how high are the ceilings?
output: ceiling and cabinets height. how high are the ceilings? and upper cabinets? thanks!

input: where do i find the bone drawers and the labels for the other cabinets (ie snacks.
target: bone handles . where do i find the bone drawers and the labels for the other cabinets (ie snacks. chips.
output: bone handles. where do i find the bone drawers and the labels for the other cabinets(ie snacks. chips.

input: of pendant lights ?
target: source of schoolhouse liters . make and mfg. of pendant lights ?
output: source of schoolhouse. of pendant lights? where to find them?

input: 1 is usually for food, the other water.why a third?
target: dog bowls . there are three bowls. 1 is usually for food, the other water.why a third? shouldn't there be an even amount?
output: is there a refrigerator in the kitchen? 1 is usually for food, the other water. why a third? shouldn't there be a third?

input: my whole kitchen is going to be done in wood rustic design no color except on backsplash indian colors and maybe possibly with some kind of indian border design around the top of the room above the cabinets !
target: can you get the butcher block island without the sink and in a solid rustic wood base? do not want the sink in the island and do not want any color for the base just a rustic wood for base and pots and pans rack above it but low enough for me to reach and keep the dog bowls how adorable ! my whole kitchen is going to be done in wood rustic design no color except on backsplash indian colors and maybe possibly with some kind of indian border design around the top of the room above the cabinets !
output: can you get the butcher block island without the sink and in a solid rustic wood for kitchen. what is the wood and trim? do you have any problems with the butcher block? any idea? my whole kitchen is going to be done in wood rustic design no color except on backsplash indian colors and maybe with some kind of indian border design if it's all over the country! thank you

input: where do you keep the dog waterer?
target: love love love the dog area but have 5 dogs . is one of these a water bowl? where do you keep the dog waterer?
output: love the dog area. where do you keep the dog waterer? what is the name of it? thank you.

input: is that section of the island made of a durable, water proof material, or do you have to clean up after your pet?
target: love the dog dishes! my dog is very messy when she drinks, is water damage a concern? my dog is a black lab and she dribbles water out of her jowls after she drinks water. is that section of the island made of a durable, water proof material, or do you have to clean up after your pet?
output: is that section of the island made of a durable, water proof material, or do you have to clean up after your pet? i have been told that it is difficult because of the moisture, dust and dust. it is difficult to determine the exact materials used to build up the kitchen.

input: am wondering whether the tin ceiling will reflect the light and make the kitchen appear larger or have the opposite effect?
target: am loving the tin ceiling, would it make a small kitchen appear smaller? my kitchen is open plan and very light. it has two windows on separate walls. i'm dying to renovate the kitchen with new cabinets, glass.fronted doors and a high gloss countertop. am wondering whether the tin ceiling will reflect the light and make the kitchen appear larger or have the opposite effect?
output: am loving the tin ceiling, what is it made of? my kitchen is stained or stained. is this a stained window or stained uppers? my kitchen is stained and full of soot. am wondering whether the tin ceiling will reflect the light and make the kitchen appear larger or have the opposite effect?

input: what are the floors used here and what is their color?
target: what are the floors used here and what is their color? thanks in advance? are they larger than 5" wide"
output: what are the floors used here and what is their color? thanks. this is a beautiful home.

input: can you tell me who makes this please?
target: backsplash . i love the backsplash. can you tell me who makes this please?
output: backsplash. i love the backsplash. can you tell me who makes this please?

input: image in rejuvenation?
target: image in rejuvenation? i saw this image, details slightly changed, in the rejuvenation catalog that came in the mail today, 2014 bath. just an fyi in case they didn't have your permission.
output: image in rejuvenation? is this photo acceptable? what is the material?

input: how durable is marble on countertops.
target: how durable is marble on countertops. i have been told that marble scratches and should not be used as counter tops in kitchen area. also staining can be an issue. i love the look, though
output: how durable is marble on countertops. i have been told that marble scratches and should not be used as counter tops in kitchen area. what is the counter durable? what is the approximate cost?

input: i have been looking all over where to purchase a topiary olive/rosemary/boxwood tree.
target: does anyone know where i can purchase these topiaries in the toronto area??? i have been looking all over where to purchase a topiary olive/rosemary/boxwood tree. can't find any of them anywhere! any advice would be appreciated! thanks :)
output: does anyone know where i can purchase these topiary olive/rosemary/boxwood tree. i have been looking all over where to purchase a topiary olive/rosemary/boxwood tree. what does this top quality? is it durable?

input: is the tile pattern actual subway tile or could it be a stencil?
target: is the tile pattern actual subway tile or could it be a stencil? i love the cabinet moldings! just what i am look for to redesign mine!
output: is the tile pattern actual subway tile or could it be a stencil? i have a hard time picking out the best colors. i love the look.

input: what kind of tile is that on the floors?
target: what kind of tile is that on the floors? love the look of the floors. can you give more information
output: floors. what kind of tile is that on the floors? love the look!

input: i saw the dimensions of the island and kitchen, can you tell me how much space you have between the island and the counter (the side of the island with the chairs).
target: dimensions and spacing . i saw the dimensions of the island and kitchen, can you tell me how much space you have between the island and the counter (the side of the island with the chairs). thanks in advance!
output: dimensions and spacing. i saw the dimensions of the island and kitchen, can you tell me how much space you have between the island and the counter(the side of the island with the chairs) . thanks!

input: could you please clarify who the interior designer(s) was on this project?
target: interior designer . incredible work! could you please clarify who the interior designer(s) was on this project? i see you list philip ennis, but i assume he is the photographer. thank you,
output: interior designer. incredible work! could you please clarify who the interior designer(s) was on this project? i see you list philip ennis, but i assume he is the photographer. thank you,

input: it was recommended to me and i worry about splashing and the mess in front of people who are sitting.
target: what quartz did you use on the counters? hi, this kitchen came out beautiful. can you tell me what quartz you used on the counters? also, i am wondering about the sink in the island. it was recommended to me and i worry about splashing and the mess in front of people who are sitting. i would also like to use this area as an area to set food up during the holidays. thanks so much for your help!
output: what is and how did you feel to splashing and the mess in front of people who are sitting. i was recommended to me and i worry about splashing and the mess in front of people who are sitting. and what is the material used for the backsplash?

input: where can i see/get this floor plan?
target: floorplan? where can i see/get this floor plan? would love to check it out. thanks!
output: floorplan? where can i see/get this floor plan? would love to check it out. thanks!

input: could you tell me where the chairs were purchased?
target: i love the chairs! could you tell me where the chairs were purchased? they’re lovely!
output: i love the chairs! could you tell me where the chairs were purchased? thanks

input: where did you purchase the glass table base??
target: love the kitchen table! where did you purchase the glass table base?? or the brand would be helpful! thank you
output: love the table! where did you purchase the glass table base? ? or the brand would be helpful. thank you

input: can you please tell me what brand of paint was used for the walls?
target: wall colour . can you please tell me what brand of paint was used for the walls? they look like a very lovely shade of grey.
output: wall colour. can you please tell me what brand of paint was used for the walls? thanks

input: where are they from?
target: kitchen lights . love the lights about the island! where are they from? thanks!
output: love the floors? where are they from? what type and style?

input: can you please tell me what the flooring material is?
target: floors . beautiful kitchen! can you please tell me what the flooring material is?
output: floors. flooring material? can you please tell me what the flooring material is? red oak, white oak and maple? and what is the stain color?

input: what are the ceiling heights?
target: ceiling heights . what are the ceiling heights? beautiful kitchen! thank you.
output: ceiling heights. what are the ceiling heights? beautiful kitchen! thank you.

input: what are the island lights called?
target: what are the island lights called? beautiful! looking to buy the same island lights!
output: what are the island lights called? beautiful! looking for the perfect whie lighting for this space?

input: could you please share the wall color used in kitchen on wall and shiplap?
target: wall color in kitchen? could you please share the wall color used in kitchen on wall and shiplap? i know you posted you used sw in bathroom. your design is beautiful. thank you
output: wall color in kitchen? could you please share the wall color used in kitchen on wall and shiplap? i know you posted you used sw in bathroom. your design is beautiful. thank you

input: what paint color was used for the cabinets?
target: cabinetry paint color? what paint color was used for the cabinets? beautiful!
output: cabinetry paint color? what paint color was used for the cabinets? beautiful!

input: what is the distance between the sink and island?
target: spacing for island . love this style. what is the distance between the sink and island? depth of island top? thanks
output: spacing for island. love this style. what is the distance between the sink and island? depth of island top? thanks

input: island and backspash tile!
target: island and backspash tile! beautiful. i'd love the name of the tile—i'm looking for something just like that.not subway and new but also classic. this is perfect.
output: island and backspash tile! beautiful. i'd love the name of the tile—i'm looking for something just like that. thanks!

input: what is the finish on the cabinet hardware?
target: what is the finish on the cabinet hardware? i love the darker hardware and light fixtures with the rest of this kitchen! can you tell me where the hardware is from? is it a polished bronze?
output: what is the finish on the cabinet hardware? i'm in love with this kitchen. it's beautiful.

input: do you know what kind of finish the home owner is using on the fir countertops?
target: finish on counter tops . do you know what kind of finish the home owner is using on the fir countertops? everything looks amazing!
output: finish on counter tops. do you know what kind of finish the home owner is using on the fir countertops? everything looks amazing!

input: if so, what kind of business would i look for to provide that type of service?
target: was the island custom made? was the island custom made? if so, what kind of business would i look for to provide that type of service? i keep shopping online but not finding any small islands i really like. thank you.
output: is there a microwave? is there a microwave? if so, what kind of business would i look for to provide that type of service? thank you.

input: what is height of microwave?
target: micro/oven combo . what is height of microwave? how has homeowner liked it?
output: micro/oven combo. what is height of microwave? how has homeowner liked it?

input: what are the dimensions of the kitchen.
target: kitchen dimension . what are the dimensions of the kitchen. it's perfect love it
output: kitchen dimensions. what are the dimensions of the kitchen. it's beautiful!

input: what are the dimensions of the island?
target: kitchen island . that is an amazing transformation! what are the dimensions of the island? i'd like to add an island to our fairly narrow kitchen. yours is the best example i've seen.
output: love this! what are the dimensions of the island? thanks.

input: where can we get these unique drawer inserts/dividers?
target: where can we get these unique drawer inserts/dividers? we have a client that just loves these and we are having trouble sourcing them. thank you!
output: where can we get these unique drawer inserts/dividers? we have a client that just loves these and we are having trouble sourcing them. thank you.

input: may i please know where the drawer pulls you used can be purchased?
target: may i please know where the drawer pulls you used can be purchased? these brass looking drawer pulls are similar to some i had and have wanted to find again. i like the fact they they do not extend beyond their corners so will not catch clothing or other items on extended parts. i still look for an exact match to pulls i want but am thrilled to see these!
output: may i please know where the drawer pulls you used can be purchased? these brass looking drawer pulls are similar to some i had and have wanted to find again. i like the fact they they do not extend beyond their corners so will not catch clothing or other items on extended parts. thank you so much!

input: we are doing a similar style for our kitchen and trying to decide how to outline the mosaic.
target: frame around mosaic . do you remember what the framing tile is around the mosaic? we are doing a similar style for our kitchen and trying to decide how to outline the mosaic.
output: tile around mosaic. do you remember what the tile is around the mosaic? we are doing a similar style for our kitchen and trying to decide how to outline the mosaic.

input: can you tell me what the tile is on the backsplash?
target: tiled backsplash . can you tell me what the tile is on the backsplash? thank you.
output: tiled backsplash. can you tell me what the tile is on the backsplash? thank you

input: is it just me?
target: rolling pin in ceramic jar. is it just me? it caught my eye andamp. made me laugh!
output: rolling pin in ceramic jar. is it just me? it caught my eye andamp. made me laugh!

input: could you post the colors of the island and cabinets?
target: beautiful!!! could you post the colors of the island and cabinets? love this kitchen!
output: beautiful! ! could you post the colors of the island and cabinets? this is such a beautiful kitchen!

input: what did you use for the backsplash?
target: beautiful kitchen. what did you use for the backsplash? thanks
output: backsplash tile? what did you use for the backsplash? this is a beautiful kitchen.

input: how many inches are in between it and the stove?
target: island size . what is the size of the island? how many inches are in between it and the stove?
output: inches. how many inches are in between it and the stove? are the cabinets custom?

input: i want to use a marble slab backsplash and dont know where to put the outlets.thanks!
target: outlets? where do you have the outlets hidden? i want to use a marble slab backsplash and dont know where to put the outlets.thanks!
output: outlets? where do you have the outlets hidden? i want to use a marble slab backsplash and dont know where to put the outlets. thanks!

input: is that a high out put stove?
target: is that a high out put stove? i thought you could't have a microwave . i was under the impression that you need a vent over a high out put stove and not a microwave.
output: is that a high out put stove? i thought you could't have a microwave. i was under the impression that you need a vent over a high out put stove and not a microwave.

input: can you tell me what you put in the lower corner for a cabinet to the right of the dishwasher?
target: lower corner space . can you tell me what you put in the lower corner for a cabinet to the right of the dishwasher? thank you!
output: lower corner space. can you tell me what you put in the lower corner for a cabinet to the right of the dishwasher? thank you!

input: may i know the dimensions of this island?
target: beautiful kitchen. may i know the dimensions of this island? thank you!
output: dimensions. may i know the dimensions of this island? thank you.

input: can you please tell me what the counter top is.
target: counter and backsplash . the back splash and counter are beautiful!! can you please tell me what the counter top is. i have to decide on my counter by monday and i can't figure it out. appreciate your help! your work is beautiful!! kindly jennifer
output: counter and backsplash. the back splash and counter are beautiful! can you please tell me what the counter top is. i have to decide on my counter by monday and i can't figure it out. thanks

input: can you give me the specs on the pantry, and an inside photo of the pantry?
target: love the idea under stair pantry . we are doing a kitchen reno, and we have wasted storage under the steps from our garage. we want to seal off the entry from the garage and put a door in from the kitchen and create a pantry. it looks very similar to this. can you give me the specs on the pantry, and an inside photo of the pantry?
output: love the idea under stair pantry. can you give me the specs on the pantry, and an inside photo of the pantry? this looks amazing!

input: i'm repainting my kitchen cupboard and would like to know the brand and number of this colour?
target: paint color . i'm repainting my kitchen cupboard and would like to know the brand and number of this colour? thank you france donnell
output: i'm repainting my kitchen cupboard and would like to know the brand and number of this colour? this is a beautiful kitchen!

input: would you please tell me the size of the bar sink?
target: size of bar sink? would you please tell me the size of the bar sink? it’s over a 16” cabinet door, correct?
output: size of bar sink? would you please tell me the size of the bar sink? it’s over a 16”cabinet door, correct?

input: what brand is the latch hardware on the cabinets?
target: hardware . what brand is the latch hardware on the cabinets? thank you
output: hardware. what brand is the latch hardware on the cabinets? thank you

input: my kitchen cabinet company told me that where there is a sin you need 24 " space between the counter and the upper cabinet, is he right ?
target: where there is a sink does it have to be 24" above ? my kitchen cabinet company told me that where there is a sin you need 24 " space between the counter and the upper cabinet, is he right ? does it have to be ?is it required for inspection ?
output: where there is a sink does it have to be 24" above? my kitchen cabinet company told me that where there is a sin you need 24" space between the counter and the upper cabinet, is he right? does it have to be? is it required for inspection?

input: what is it made of?
target: love the floor! what is it made of? looks like cork.
output: countertop. the countertop is beautiful. what is it made of? thanks!

input: what are the dimensions of this sink?
target: sink . what are the dimensions of this sink? thank you!
output: sink. what are the dimensions of this sink? thank you!

input: how thick is the countertop?
target: countertop . how thick is the countertop? and what edge was used?
output: countertop. how thick is the countertop? and what edge was used?

input: can you tell me the color and brand/door style of this butler pantry cabinet?
target: cabinets . can you tell me the color and brand/door style of this butler pantry cabinet? really classy looking!
output: cabinets. can you tell me the color and brand/door style of this butler pantry cabinet? really classy looking!

input: what are he island dimensions?
target: island . what are he island dimensions? thanks
output: island. what are he island dimensions? this is such a beautiful space! thank you!

input: one more question.can you please let me know the specie of wood and the stain used on the windows?
target: beautiful windows and trim . one more question.can you please let me know the specie of wood and the stain used on the windows? thanks a million
output: love the windows and the chairs. one more question. can you please let me know the specie of wood and the stain used on the windows? thanks.

input: can you please tell me the dimensions of this space including ceiling height?
target: this is a magnificent kitchen! can you please tell me the dimensions of this space including ceiling height? also, can you share with me who manufactured the fabulous range hood? thank you!
output: this is a magnificent kitchen! can you please tell me the dimensions of this space including ceiling height? also, can you share with me who manufactured the fabulous range hood? thank you!

input: what kind of countertop is used here?
target: countertop . what kind of countertop is used here? what is it called?
output: countertop. what kind of countertop is used here? what is it called?

input: hi, how did you finish off the edges of this kitchen island (where the wood paneling meets)?
target: edges of island . hi, how did you finish off the edges of this kitchen island (where the wood paneling meets)? i’m curious how you got such a clean, sharp edge. thanks!
output: edges of island. hi, how did you finish off the edges of this kitchen island(where the wood paneling meets) ? i’m curious how you got such a clean, sharp edge. thanks!

input: hi can you tell me who makes the backsplash and color .
target: hi can you tell me who makes the backsplash and color . my kitchen which was just remodeled looks very similar but we haven’t picked a backsplash yet. i like your
output: hi can you tell me who makes the backsplash and color. thanks

input: what is the size of the island?
target: love this kitchen. what is the size of the island? we are looking to remodel and i love this size.
output: love this kitchen. what is the size of the island? i love this kitchen!

input: also, i wanted to increase the height of the cabinets to reach the ceiling, but i couldn't find any pictures on the web where someone increased the height of the cathedral arch cabinets and painted them white.
target: white dove.paint . i love your kitchen. i am also remolding mine and recently changed the island.now i want to paint the upper cabinets and was wondering the color white dove your used here will look good on maple cabinet—my husband thinks the color will be too white as i also want to change the color of my walls to off white. any suggestions would be appreciated. also, i wanted to increase the height of the cabinets to reach the ceiling, but i couldn't find any pictures on the web where someone increased the height of the cathedral arch cabinets and painted them white. (i received a quote of $6000 from a local ma painter to just paint the perimeter cabinets and 5500 for the walls which i think is way high and i am having a hard time convincing my husband).
output: i also wanted to do pictures on the web where someone increased the height of the cabinets and painted them white. also, i wanted to add any pictures on the web where someone increased the height of the cabinets and painted them white. also, i wanted to achieve this look in mine as well. thanks

input: do you know the size/dimensions?
target: sink . love the stainless farmhouse sink. do you know the size/dimensions?
output: sink. love the stainless farmhouse sink. do you know the size/dimensions?

input: what kind of wood was used on the stools?
target: what kind of wood was used on the stools? i'm totally in love with the style of this line. i love the modern barstools and the overall bright white color. my aunt and uncle are looking to remodel their kitchen kind of similar to this one. https://anatoliainteriors.com/kitchen.remodeling.html
output: countertops? what kind of wood was used on the stools? i have a client that wants a countertop built in. thanks!

input: would you please mind sharing where you purchased these?
target: beautiful bar stools . hello, i love the bar stools. would you please mind sharing where you purchased these? thank you!
output: counter stools? these are beautiful. would you please mind sharing where you purchased these? thanks!

input: what wood species was used for the cabinets?
target: cabinet wood? what wood species was used for the cabinets? it looks a bit like hickory or pecan. thanks!
output: cabinets. what wood species was used for the cabinets? looks great with the pure white and gray.

input: can you direct me to the supplier of the green back splash.
target: where can i buy that green back splash . can you direct me to the supplier of the green back splash. thank you marian margodwin2@gmail.com
output: where can i buy this green back splash. can you direct me to the supplier of the green back splash. thank you marian margodwin2@ gmail. com

input: who is the manufacturer?
target: flooring? love this floor. who is the manufacturer? what is the stain color? thanks!
output: flooring? love this floor. who is the manufacturer? what is the stain color?

input: can you tell me the length and width of the island?
target: island dimensions?? gorgeous kitchen. can you tell me the length and width of the island? counter material? thanks!
output: island. can you tell me the length and width of the island? thank you.

input: can you tell me where you found it?
target: gorgeous backsplash . i love the backsplash!!! can you tell me where you found it?
output: i love the countertop. can you tell me where you found it? thanks.

input: what material and stain are the floors?
target: flooring . gorgeous! what material and stain are the floors?
output: flooring. what material and stain are the floors? thanks.

input: how do you provide extra support and still have the floating overhang?
target: beautiful design . does the overhang on the island have extra support? i've read that quartz or solid surface overhang that has a long run may sag. my design is for a run of 8'8" with an overhang that exceeds the 1/3 rule by 1 inch. how do you provide extra support and still have the floating overhang?
output: dimensions. what is the dimensions of the overhang? how do you provide extra support and still have the floating overhang?

input: what is the brand of the bar stools?
target: beautiful design. what is the brand of the bar stools? thank you
output: what is the brand of the bar stools? thank you. what is the brand of the bar stools? thank you.

input: does anyone know what wood shelves these are or where to get something similar?
target: these wooden shelves . does anyone know what wood shelves these are or where to get something similar? they are stunning!
output: these wooden shelves. does anyone know what wood shelves these are or where to get something similar? they are stunning!

input: could i know what grout color name it was being used?
target: love the grout color on the blacksplash! could i know what grout color name it was being used? this is the exact color we had in mind for our kitchen but can't decided between a "gray" vs dark gray/black. thank you!
output: love the grout color on the blacksplash! could i know what grout color name it was being used? this is the exact color we had in mind for our kitchen but can't decided between a" gray" vs dark gray/black. thank you!

input: does anyone know what that top swing out shelf bracket is called or where i can purchase it?
target: that swing out shelf bracket ?? does anyone know what that top swing out shelf bracket is called or where i can purchase it? i had one in our last house, they work great and are very functional. i've been all over looking for one and everyone looks at me like i'm crazy.
output: that swing out shelf bracket? ? does anyone know what that top swing out shelf bracket is called or where i can purchase it? i have been searching for a year and everyone looks at it. i'm trying to figure out the best size for the cabinets and the pulls that come in the front. thanks!

input: what size do you suggest?
target: knobs . i like the knobs used in white kitchen. i have a question. i’m using wood knobs on my kitchen cabinets . what size do you suggest? my pull drawers are 27 in. and 16in. how many per drawer? thank you
output: knobs. i like the knobs used in white kitchen. what size do you suggest? i have a door with a knob on the right.

input: would love to know where you sourced the backsplash tiles, i like their sheen.
target: the backsplash tiles are ceramic or glass? would love to know where you sourced the backsplash tiles, i like their sheen. thank you!
output: backsplash tiles. would love to know where you sourced the backsplash tiles, i like their sheen. thanks

input: where does the counter end and the sink begin?
target: sink configuration . can you explain how the countertop andamp. sink are configured? is it an under mount sink? drop in? where does the counter end and the sink begin? i love it!
output: sink configuration. where does the counter end and the sink begin? i have a similar layout and it would be nice to have a countertop. thank you

input: who makes the hood and cooktop?
target: who makes the hood? who makes the hood and cooktop? size of both? thank you! lovely design!
output: who makes the hood? who makes the hood and cooktop? size of both? thank you! lovely

input: is this designer white?
target: corian color . is this designer white? thank you for your help.
output: corian color. is this designer white? thank you for your help.

input: do you know?
target: beautiful! i'm thinking of doing just this, inset upper cabs and full overlay lowers. i love the simple recessed panel door, but am struggling with whether or not to have a bead on the door and/or on the frame of the inset uppers. it looks like there is no bead on either of these, but i can't tell for sure. do you know? thanks.
output: beautiful! i'm thinking of doing just this, inset upper cabs and full overlay lowers. i love the simple recessed panel door, but am struggling with whether or not to have a bead on the door and/or on the frame of the inset uppers. it looks like there is no bead on either of these, but i can't tell for sure

input: did you use 1 1/4" knobs?
target: knobs . hi love your design.keep coming back to it. did you use 1 1/4" knobs? thanks
output: knobs. hi, this is a beautiful kitchen. did you use 1 1/4" knobs? thanks

input: where did you find the knobs.
target: knobs . love your design. where did you find the knobs. ?thank you.
output: knobs. love this kitchen. where did you find the knobs. ? thank you.

input: what did you use?
target: flooring? so pretty! what did you use?
output: flooring? so pretty! what did you use?

input: can you please tell me the brand and size of this hood?
target: hood . can you please tell me the brand and size of this hood? thank you!
output: hood. can you please tell me the brand and size of this hood? thank you

input: what is the wall color.
target: what is the wall color. thank you. wall color
output: what is the wall color. wall color. beautiful kitchen.

input: where did this chair come from?
target: chair . where did this chair come from? absolutely love it!
output: chair. where did this chair come from? absolutely love it!

input: what is the kitchen cabinets material?
target: what is the kitchen cabinets material? i’d like to know the material of the kitchen cabinets. thanks
output: what is the kitchen cabinets material? i’d like to know the material of the kitchen cabinets. thanks

input: i’d like to know the material and name if island countertop?
target: what is the kitchen island countertop made of? i’d like to know the material and name if island countertop? thanks much.
output: what is the kitchen island countertop made of? i’d like to know the material and name if island countertop?

input: could you tell me the wall color in this kitchen?
target: love the wall color! could you tell me the wall color in this kitchen? thanks!
output: would love to know the wall color in this kitchen? i would like to know the wall color in this kitchen. thank you!

input: where can i find one?
target: white and stainless range hood . i love the white and stainless range hood. where can i find one?
output: i love the afghan antique. where can i find one? or something sim? i am putting in alder cabinets and i want a stable(and looks like wood itself) . i need to get afghani and modern furniture.

input: hi there, can you provide any details about the island faucet?
target: faucet . hi there, can you provide any details about the island faucet? beautiful kitchen! thanks!
output: faucet. hi there, can you provide any details about the island faucet? beautiful kitchen! thanks!

input: what stain color is used for the floor and what type of the floor?
target: floor and stain color . what stain color is used for the floor and what type of the floor? red oak, white oak, maple.? thanks!
output: floor and stain color. what stain color is used for the floor and what type of the floor? red oak, white oak? ? thank you!

input: can you tell me where they are from?
target: where are the barstools from? love the chrome barstools. can you tell me where they are from?
output: backsplash. i love the backsplash tiles. can you tell me where they are from?

input: can you tell me where to purchase these bar stools?
target: bar stools . can you tell me where to purchase these bar stools? thanks
output: bar stools. can you tell me where to purchase these bar stools? thanks

input: love the greys in the wood and love how you paired the white oak with your cabinets.
target: what products (and process) did you use for the floors? i'm installing white oak rift hardwood floors. love the greys in the wood and love how you paired the white oak with your cabinets.
output: what products(and process) did you use for the floors? love the greys in the wood and love how you paired the white oak with your cabinets. what is the product? where did you get the finish? thank you.

input: who is the manufacturer of the laminate used on these cabinets?
target: who is the manufacturer of the laminate used on these cabinets? hi, i'm hoping to get more information on the laminate used on these cabinets. i'm doing custom cabinets for a home in seattle and would love to model the kitchen after this one. thanks in advance!
output: who is the manufacturer of the laminate used on these cabinets? i would like to know the manufacturer of the laminate used on these cabinets. thank you.

input: is that the case?
target: range hood size . range hood appears wider than the range. is that the case?
output: range hood size. range hood appears wider than the range. is that the case?

input: do you guys do facefram inset door kitchens?
target: this is a avery nice kitchen! i like the tile colum details. looks like a lot of thought went into this project. i'm a cabinetmaker in nj. i know what i'm looking at. do you guys do facefram inset door kitchens? take care cabinetmaker birdie miller
output: this is a avery nice kitchen! i like the tile colum details. looks like a lot of thought went into this project. i'm a cabinetmaker in nj. i know what i'm looking at. do you guys do facefram inset door kitchens? take care cabinetmaker birdie miller

input: can you share where you purchased the island lights?
target: island lighting . can you share where you purchased the island lights? thanks!
output: island lighting. can you share where you purchased the island lights? thanks!

input: can you suggest what sw color comes close to swiss coffee?
target: recommendations on whole house color . our painter only uses sw paints. i know you used bm swiss coffee throughout the house. can you suggest what sw color comes close to swiss coffee? appreciate you answering all of my questions.
output: recommendations on whole house color. our painter only uses sw paints. i know you used bm swiss coffee throughout the house. can you suggest what sw color comes close to swiss coffee? appreciate you answering all of my questions.

input: i read the article and see that it says all cabinets are either black or white, but some of the cabinets appear to be blue?
target: just beautiful!! would you mind one small clarification please. i read the article and see that it says all cabinets are either black or white, but some of the cabinets appear to be blue? is it just the lighting playing tricks on me? thanks so much!
output: just beautiful! what is the paint color on the cabinets? i read the article and see that it says all cabinets are either black or white, but some of the cabinets appear to be blue? is it just the lighting playing tricks on me? thanks,

input: where is the chandelier from?
target: where is the chandelier from? please provide chandelier info. thanks
output: where is the chandelier from? please provide chandelier info. thanks

input: what is the size andamp.
target: range hood . what is the size andamp. brand of range hood?
output: range hood. what is the size andamp. brand of range hood?

input: paint color used on the walls in the adjoining living room?
target: paint color used on the walls in the adjoining living room? i am obsessed with this home! perfection, unique and stunning!
output: paint color used on the walls in the adjoining living room? i am obsessed with this home! perfection, unique and stunning!

input: could you please also share the cabinet color.
target: built in cabinet color . could you please also share the cabinet color. it compliments the island very well! beautiful room!
output: could you please also share the cabinet color. it is beautiful. thank you.

input: island color .
target: island color . beautiful, can you please share color. thanks
output: island color. beautiful, can you please share color. thanks.

input: does this style and finish go with white cabinets ?
target: cabinet pulls . where are cabinet pulls from and what finish? does this style and finish go with white cabinets ? i am going for modern/contemporary look . i am deciding to use 7' and 9'" long.
output: cabinet pulls. where did you get the hardware? does this style and finish go with white cabinets?

input: also, how is it positioned with respect to the island and counter top?
target: what type of solar tube is that? i am intrigued by the non.circular solar tube. also, how is it positioned with respect to the island and counter top?
output: what is the island top material? also, how is it positioned with respect to the island and counter top? thank you!

input: what material is the countertop in this photo?
target: countertop . what material is the countertop in this photo? thanks!
output: countertop. what material is the countertop in this photo? thanks!

input: can you tell me where to find the chandelier.
target: chandelier . can you tell me where to find the chandelier. love it!
output: chandelier. can you tell me where to find the chandelier. love it!

input: what is the style name and where could i find them?
target: floors. are the floors tile? what is the style name and where could i find them?
output: floors. are the floors tile? what is the style name and where could i find them?

input: do you think the counters/backsplash in this kitchen would look good with espresso shaker cabinets??
target: do you think the counters/backsplash in this kitchen would look good with espresso shaker cabinets?? for the counters, how thick are these and what edge is used??? love this!!
output: do you think the counters/backsplash in this kitchen would look good with espresso shaker cabinets? ? for the counters, how thick are these and what edge is used? ? ? love this! !

input: does it bother you that the counters are more white in color than the tile and the cabinets which have more beige in them?
target: i am thinking of a similar color scheme with off.white tiles and cabinet paint. does it bother you that the counters are more white in color than the tile and the cabinets which have more beige in them? i am dying to know if you are happy because i don't want to go white white on my tile or cabinet color selection, even though most do with the white/gray marble. thanks for your advice!
output: i am thinking of a similar color scheme with off. white tiles and cabinet paint. does it bother you that the counters are more white in color than the tile and the cabinets which have more beige in them? i am dying to know if you are happy because i don't want to go white white on my tile or cabinet color selection, even though most do with the white/gray marble.

input: i've looked everywhere for something like this.
target: who makes the pull for the refrigerator? where can i buy it? i've looked everywhere for something like this.
output: who makes the pull for the refrigerator? where can i buy it? i've looked everywhere for something like this.

input: would you mind sharing the stain on the island?
target: beautiful stain on island . would you mind sharing the stain on the island? beautiful kitchen!
output: island stain. would you mind sharing the stain on the island? beautiful kitchen!

input: can you please tell me where the island pendants are from?
target: pendants . can you please tell me where the island pendants are from? thank you.
output: pendants. can you please tell me where the island pendants are from? thank you.

input: could you please share the cabinet/island counter materials and the backsplash?
target: counters and backsplash. could you please share the cabinet/island counter materials and the backsplash? thank you.
output: counters and backsplash. could you please share the cabinet/island counter materials and the backsplash? thank you.

input: what material is used on the ceiling?
target: ceiling material . what material is used on the ceiling? can it be used over popcorn ceiling?
output: ceiling material. what material is used on the ceiling? can it be used over popcorn ceiling?

input: do you know the cost of this island?
target: island . do you know the cost of this island? countertop included. thank you!
output: island. do you know the cost of this island? countertop included. thank you!

input: can' t believe no one has asked about those beautiful chairs.
target: chairs . can' t believe no one has asked about those beautiful chairs. they are so elegant and functional. i would love to know where they are from, please.
output: chairs. can't believe no one has asked about those beautiful chairs. they are so elegant and functional. i would love to know where they are from, please.

input: what is the island material and colour?
target: island material . what is the island material and colour? thank you!
output: island material. what is the island material and colour? thank you

input: would like to know if you used caulking where beadboard and o'gee meets.
target: is there caulking where beadboard and o'gee meets. did my ceiling the . would like to know if you used caulking where beadboard and o'gee meets. did my kitchen ceiling the same and was wondering, very tricky on one side!
output: is there caulking where beadboard and o' gee meets. did you use caulking where beadboard and o' gee meets. did my ceiling the tile? would like to know if you used caulking where beadboard and o' gee meets. did my kitchen ceiling the same as this kitchen?

input: hello, was this a satin or matte finish would you recall?
target: finish . hello, was this a satin or matte finish would you recall? thank you!
output: finish. hello, was this a satin or matte finish would you recall? thank you!

input: what brand cabinets, type and color of countertops?
target: love this! what brand cabinets, type and color of countertops? many thanks!
output: countertops? what brand cabinets, type and color of countertops? this is such a beautiful kitchen!

input: where can i find the counter stools?
target: cynthia . where can i find the counter stools? dimensions?
output: counter stools. where can i find the counter stools? thanks

input: would you please let me know the brand and style?
target: love the faucets! would you please let me know the brand and style? thank you!
output: backsplash. i love the backsplash. would you please let me know the brand and style? thanks!

input: what is backsplash name and material?
target: backsplash and pendant . what is backsplash name and material? love the pendants. where are they from?
output: backsplash and trim. what is backsplash name and material? what is backsplash name and material?

input: are you sure the island is 10 ft x 4 ft?
target: are you sure the island is 10 ft x 4 ft? it only fits 3 stools. please . see above question.
output: are you sure the island is 10 ft x 4 ft? it only fits 3 stools. please.

input: what color is the kitchen island painted?
target: our powder room update . what color is the kitchen island painted? we have the same birch floors and the island color would work great to update our cabinets.
output: our powder room update. what color is the kitchen island painted? we have the same birch floors and the island color would work great to update our cabinets.

input: what type of wood flooring did you use in your kitchen?
target: flooring . what type of wood flooring did you use in your kitchen? (i'm green with envy by the way.it's absolutely gorgeous!!)
output: flooring. what type of wood flooring did you use in your kitchen? (i'm green with envy by the way. it's absolutely gorgeous!

input: do you happen to know the exact make and model of this stove hood?
target: hood make/model? do you happen to know the exact make and model of this stove hood? thank you!
output: hood make/model? do you happen to know the exact make and model of this stove hood? thank you!

input: can you tell me the size of the sunroom, please?
target: sunroom . can you tell me the size of the sunroom, please? thank you so much.just lovely work you do!! ~ barb
output: sunroom. can you tell me the size of the sunroom, please? thank you

input: what are the dimensions of the island?
target: island . what are the dimensions of the island? thanks!
output: lovely! what are the dimensions of the island? thanks!

input: any idea of the hood brand?
target: hood . any idea of the hood brand? is it 30"? thanks!
output: hood. any idea of the hood brand? is it 30" ? thanks!

input: what is the thickness of the island counter top?
target: island . what is the thickness of the island counter top? what type of edge did you put on it? is this a mitered edge? laminate edge? thanks.
output: island. what is the thickness of the island counter top? what is the dimension of the island? thanks

input: would this kitchen look good with light maple floors?
target: would this kitchen look good with light maple floors? your kitchen is stunning and welcoming at the same time. just bought a new place and we are remodeling the kitchen, and i love yours!
output: would this kitchen look good with light maple floors? your kitchen is stunning and welcoming at the same time. just bought a new place and we are remodeling the kitchen, and i am considering a similar look by custom cabinet maker.

input: can you give me the dimensions of this kitchen?
target: dimensions . can you give me the dimensions of this kitchen? also the size of the island. thanks in advance.
output: dimensions. can you give me the dimensions of this kitchen? also, the width of the cabinets?

input: light fixture above island?
target: light fixture above island? where to find it? one piece?
output: light fixture above island? where to find it? one piece?

input: is it sold anywhere?
target: the wood countertop . what is it? it's unusual and gorgeous . is it sold anywhere?
output: the wood countertop. what is it? it's unusual and gorgeous. is it sold anywhere?

input: what are the dimensions (depth andamp.
target: dimensions of the beams? what are the dimensions (depth andamp. width) of the beams? looks great.thanks!
output: dimensions of the beams? what are the dimensions(depth andamp. width) of the beams? looks great. thanks!

input: what type of tile was used here?
target: floor tile douce? details please!!? what type of tile was used here? love how it looks like concrete!
output: tile. what type of tile was used here? what is the name of it?

input: as many others i really like the stained islands, can you please provide the type of wood?
target: cabinets wood species? as many others i really like the stained islands, can you please provide the type of wood? thank you.
output: cabinets wood species? as many others i really like the stained islands, can you please provide the type of wood? thank you.

input: what brand and color are the kitchen countertops?
target: love this kitchen. what are the countertops made of? color and brand? what brand and color are the kitchen countertops?
output: love this kitchen. what are the countertops made of? color and brand? what brand and color are the kitchen countertops?

input: are they stained or painted.
target: cabinets . are they stained or painted. they look very nice. thanks for any info.
output: cabinets. are they stained or painted. they look very nice with the cabinets. thanks

input: what wood type was used for the island cabinets?
target: what wood type was used for the island cabinets? is it quarter.sawn? is it quarter.sawn oak? they are beautiful. also, i love the clean hood!
output: what wood type was used for the island cabinets? is it quarter. sawn? is it quarter. sawn oak?

input: could you provide information regarding the wood beams?
target: wood beams . could you provide information regarding the wood beams? type? where did you get them? they are beautiful!
output: wood beams. could you provide information regarding the wood beams? type? where did you get them? they are beautiful!

input: is it tile or stained concrete?
target: bawagner . flooring surface? is it tile or stained concrete?
output: bawagner. flooring surface? is it tile or stained concrete?

input: may i please have the color you used?
target: the silestone counters . may i please have the color you used? thank you so much.
output: the silestone counters. may i please have the color you used? thank you: )

input: how did you achieve the look.what stain/dye did you use.how was the floor finished the achieve matte finish.product?
target: floor . the matte finnish is wonderful! how did you achieve the look.what stain/dye did you use.how was the floor finished the achieve matte finish.product? thanks, great design.
output: floor. the matte finnish is wonderful! how did you achieve the look. what stain/dye did you use. how was the floor finished the achieve matte finish. product? thanks, great design.

input: can you tell us about the pot filler?
target: pot filler . can you tell us about the pot filler? brand / model
output: pot filler. can you tell us about the pot filler? brand/model

input: what color paint was used for the cabinetry?
target: cabinet color . what color paint was used for the cabinetry? thanks!
output: cabinet color. what color paint was used for the cabinetry? thanks

input: where is the hardware on the cabinets from and what finish are they?
target: pulls . where is the hardware on the cabinets from and what finish are they? thanks!
output: pulls. where is the hardware on the cabinets from and what finish are they? i have a black fronted granite countertops and would love to check these out. thanks!

input: who makes the wicker barstools?
target: who makes the wicker barstools? they remind me of paris! thanks!
output: who makes the wicker barstools? they remind me of paris! thanks

input: i think this may be too large for what i have in mind but would like to see.
target: love this . what are the dimensions of the kitchen? i think this may be too large for what i have in mind but would like to see. thanks
output: love this. what is the size of the kitchen? i think this may be too large for what i have in mind but would like to see. thanks

input: can you tell me what color the cabinets were painted?
target: cabinet color . can you tell me what color the cabinets were painted? love that they have a touch of gray to them.
output: cabinet color. can you tell me what color the cabinets were painted? i am looking for something just like that. thank you

input: love the cabinet hardware, can you please share the make and model?
target: hardware . love the cabinet hardware, can you please share the make and model? thanks!
output: hardware. love the cabinet hardware, can you please share the make and model? thanks

input: where are they from?
target: cabinet . i love those corner cabinets! where are they from?
output: love the floors? where are they from? what type and style?

input: are these 3cm counters?
target: counters . are these 3cm counters? thanks!
output: counters. are these 3cm counters? what is the material?

input: please, let me know what kind of kill switch you used in the "garage" to satisfy the electrical inspection.
target: electrical inside the cabinet . please, let me know what kind of kill switch you used in the "garage" to satisfy the electrical inspection. thank you very much.
output: electrical inside the cabinet. please, let me know what kind of kill switch you used in the" garage" to satisfy the electrical inspection. thank you very much.

input: would you please provide the name and color of these wood floors?
target: flooring . hello. would you please provide the name and color of these wood floors? they're beautiful! thank you.
output: flooring. hello. would you please provide the name and color of these wood floors? they're beautiful! thank you.

input: would love to know who made these
target: who is the door manufacturer? are these bifolding doors? i love the small sight lines. would love to know who made these
output: who is the door manufacturer? are these bifolding doors? i love the small sight lines. would love to know who made these

input: is the grout on backsplash tile black ?
target: grout . is the grout on backsplash tile black ? color?
output: grout. is the grout on backsplash tile black? color?

input: are the tiles individual or in a panel?
target: are the tiles individual or in a panel? in florida, grout turns black . i want a tile look with no grout
output: are the tiles individual or in a panel? in florida, grout turns black. i want a tile look with no grout

input: how does a traditionally designed upscale kitchen achieve cleaner look .
target: how does a traditionally designed upscale kitchen achieve cleaner look . our kitchen is very. large and designed very well. built in 2010, we are wanting to update to a more modern feel without removing cabinetry. really thinking new paint and hardware, maybe make island different color. we have granite and tile backsplash in beige and gray tones.
output: how does a traditionally designed upscale kitchen achieve cleaner look. our kitchen is very. large and designed very well. built in 2010, we are wanting to update to a more modern feel without removing cabinetry. really thinking new paint and hardware, maybe make island different color. we have granite and tile backsplash in beige and gray tones.

input: can you tell me how long the edge pulls you used are?
target: edge pull length advice . can you tell me how long the edge pulls you used are? i have a white kitchen with 36", 27", 24", 18" and 15" drawers and 15", 24", 27" and 30" cabinets. i want the edge pulls to be the same size. can't decide what the best length to purchase, help!
output: edge pull length advice. can you tell me how long the edge pulls you used are? i have a white kitchen with 36" , 27" , 24" , 18" and 15" drawers and 15" , 24" , 27" and 30" cabinets. i want the edge pulls to be the same size. can't decide what the best length to purchase, help!

input: where can i find one please
target: light fixture over the .? the fancy one. where can i find one please
output: light fixture over the. ? the fancy one. where can i find one please

input: where is it from?
target: light fixture over the island . where is it from? thank you.
output: like the backsplash tile very much. where is it from? what style?

input: where can i buy this?
target: chandelier . i love this chandelier . where can i buy this?
output: chandelier. i love this chandelier. where can i buy this?

input: were these any special requirements for the wall behind it?
target: how was this installed? this is a great use of space. what did you use to install this? were these any special requirements for the wall behind it?
output: wall behind wall? what is the seal on the wall behind it? were these any special requirements for the wall behind it?

input: i'd love the dimensions to this cut out and what exactly is the material to which the magnetic hooks attach?
target: dimensions . i'd love the dimensions to this cut out and what exactly is the material to which the magnetic hooks attach? i understand it must be metal but any more detail would be appreciated. thanks.
output: dimensions. i'd love the dimensions to this cut out and what exactly is the material to which the magnetic hooks attach? i like that it is not painted white, but this kitchen is beautiful. thanks!

input: what type of countertop were used?
target: what type of countertop were used? marble? it's beautiful! what type of countertop were used?
output: countertops? what type of countertop were used? is it butcher block?

input: who made the cabinets?
target: pantry looks great! who made the cabinets? thanks!
output: cabinets. who made the cabinets? thanks!

input: do you know where the pendant lights are from?
target: pendant lights . do you know where the pendant lights are from? thanks!
output: pendant lights. do you know where the pendant lights are from? thanks!

input: are these framed or frameless?
target: cabinet style? are these framed or frameless? semi custom or custom?
output: cabinet style? are these framed or frameless? semi custom or custom?

input: where can the stools be found?
target: stools . where can the stools be found? thanks!
output: stools. where can the stools be found? thanks!

input: can you please tell me window height and kitchen ceiling height?
target: window/ceiling . can you please tell me window height and kitchen ceiling height? thank you
output: window/ceiling. can you please tell me window height and kitchen ceiling height? thank you

input: is the faucet chrome, stainless steel, brushed or satin, etc?
target: what finish is the faucet on the farm sink? is the faucet chrome, stainless steel, brushed or satin, etc? thanks! beautiful kitchen!
output: is the faucet chrome, stainless steel, brushed or satin, etc? what finish is the faucet on the farm sink? i am having a difficult time choosing one. i am doing a kitchen in the same building. thanks for your help!

input: would you please share what's the trim used for backsplash tiles?
target: backsplash tile trim . would you please share what's the trim used for backsplash tiles? metal strip?
output: backsplash tile trim. would you please share what's the trim used for backsplash tiles? metal strip?

input: could you provide actual brand and color of backsplash please
target: tile brand . have samples of glass and frosted tile but am not sure if i can achieve this same look. could you provide actual brand and color of backsplash please
output: tile brand. have samples of glass and frosted tile but am not sure if i can achieve this same look. could you provide actual brand and color of backsplash please

input: i am purchasing this same tile for my backsplash and i want to mix the matte and glossy, but wondering how labor intensive that was?
target: love the mix of matte and glossy tile, was this difficult? i am purchasing this same tile for my backsplash and i want to mix the matte and glossy, but wondering how labor intensive that was? does this tile come in mesh sheets that you had to cut apart in order to mix them? or are they individual tiles already?
output: love the matte and glossy tile, was this difficult? i am purchasing this same tile for my backsplash and i want to mix the matte and glossy, but wondering how labor intensive that was? does this tile come in mesh sheets that are rubbed together? or are they individual tiles?

input: are the tiles in the backsplash different depths?
target: are the tiles in the backsplash different depths? love the backsplash. it appears to have dimension. is that because you used two different materials?
output: are the tiles in the backsplash different depths? love the backsplash. it appears to have dimension. is that because you used two different materials?

input: any details on type or stain color?
target: floors . i love this flooring! any details on type or stain color? thank you!
output: floors. i love this flooring! any details on type or stain color? thank you!

input: do you happen to have the dimensions?
target: window dimension . lovely window! i would like something similar. do you happen to have the dimensions?
output: window dimension. lovely window! i would like something similar. do you happen to have the dimensions?

input: are there grout lines andamp.
target: backsplash . it doesn't look like there is visible grout. are there grout lines andamp. if so what color was used? thank you!
output: backsplash. it doesn't look like there is visible grout. are there grout lines andamp. if so what color was used? thank you!

input: what are the dimensions of this kitchen?
target: dimensions . what are the dimensions of this kitchen? it is beautiful. also, where is the fridge located?
output: dimensions. what are the dimensions of this kitchen? it is beautiful. also, where is the fridge located?

input: what color are they and is it granite or quartz or something else?
target: countertops!!! i love the countertops! what color are they and is it granite or quartz or something else? thanks!
output: countertops! ! i love the countertops! what color are they and is it granite or quartz or something else? thanks!

input: don't know how to get it though since i don't know who makes it and what it's called.
target: what is the color and manufacturer of the backsplash tiles? i'm doing a new backsplash and like this blue. don't know how to get it though since i don't know who makes it and what it's called. thanks, w.
output: what is the color and manufacturer of the backsplash tiles? i'm going to try to put black granite and granite in my kitchen but can't seem to find a color. don't know how to get it though since i don't know who makes it and what it's called. thanks

input: could you tell me the paint color of the cabinets and island?
target: paint color . perfect kitchen! could you tell me the paint color of the cabinets and island? thank you!
output: could you tell me the paint color of the cabinets and island? color of the cabinets and island? thank you.

input: love the kitchen, can you tell me the dimensions of the upper cabinets next to range?
target: upper cabinets dimensions . love the kitchen, can you tell me the dimensions of the upper cabinets next to range? they seem to be a little different to me. thank you
output: dimensions. love the kitchen, can you tell me the dimensions of the upper cabinets next to range? and on the fridge dimensions? thank you

input: where are they from?
target: i love these counter height stools. where are they from? thanks!
output: love the floors? where are they from? what type and style?

input: i was just curious what the overall dimension of the kitchen was.
target: kitchen dimensions . this appears to be almost identical to my layout including the size of the island. i was just curious what the overall dimension of the kitchen was. thanks!
output: kitchen dimensions. this appears to be almost identical to my layout including the size of the island. i was just curious what the overall dimension of the kitchen was. thanks

input: why did you decide to layout the tile pattern this way rather than the typical subway tile pattern?
target: backsplash tile pattern . why did you decide to layout the tile pattern this way rather than the typical subway tile pattern? i like it very much.
output: backsplash tile pattern. why did you decide to layout the tile pattern this way rather than the typical subway tile pattern? i like it very much.

input: is this island 36" high?
target: island height . is this island 36" high? thanks.
output: is this island 36" high? if so, what is the height of the island? is this island 36" high? thanks.

input: would love to hear more about the profit and installation with sink in island.
target: countertop. neolith? i saw that you said the countertop is porcelain. is this neolith? i am looking into doing neolith for my island. would love to hear more about the profit and installation with sink in island.
output: countertop. neolith? i am trying to achieve this look in my kitchen and in my own kitchen. would love to hear more about the profit and installation with sink in island. thanks

input: please share the hood details?
target: hood details? beautiful design! please share the hood details?
output: hood details? beautiful! please share the hood details?

input: does this pose a problem for multiple people in the kitchen?
target: fridge and ovens . can you have the oven and fridge open at the same time? does this pose a problem for multiple people in the kitchen? how many inches in between them? i'm thinking of a similar layout for my kitchen. thanks in advance for your help.
output: does this pose a problem for multiple people in the kitchen? i am putting this kitchen in the same way your your kitchen did. how does it stand up to the countertops? thanks.

input: what are the dimensions of the island, specifically the countertop and overhang?
target: island . what are the dimensions of the island, specifically the countertop and overhang? thanks
output: island. what are the dimensions of the island, specifically the countertop and overhang? thanks

input: can you tell us what they are or where to purchase them?
target: pendants . i really like the pendant lighting! can you tell us what they are or where to purchase them?
output: backsplash. we are going with a similar backsplash in ceramic arts. each tile is porcelain or brushed nickel. can you tell us what they are or where to purchase them?

input: can you tell me where the chairs are from?
target: nice re.do! can you tell me where the chairs are from? thanks so much!
output: chairs. can you tell me where the chairs are from? thanks

input: please share where he back splash is from?
target: back splash . beautiful kitchen with great use of space. please share where he back splash is from?
output: back splash. beautiful kitchen! please share where he back splash is from?

input: could you tell me the dimensions?
target: i love the kitchen. could you tell me the dimensions? i would like to do a similar layout in my kitchen but now sure if i have adequate sq footage
output: dimensions. hi, beautiful kitchen! could you tell me the dimensions?

input: how tall are the ceilings and what is your back splash and counter top .
target: how tall are the ceilings and what is your back splash and counter top . i like your combination of colors, white and blue with natural wood! someone will have to get a ladder to reach out of those upper cabinets .)
output: how tall are the ceilings and what is your back splash and counter top. i have 8 foot ceilings and the ceilings are 10 feet. i want to see the cabinets and how tall are the ceilings and what is your back splash and counter top. thanks

input: i am having a problem finding a dark brown stain for cabinets.can you make a suggestion ?
target: dark brown stain . help ! i am having a problem finding a dark brown stain for cabinets.can you make a suggestion ?
output: dark brown stain. help! i am having a problem finding a dark brown stain for cabinets. can you make a suggestion?

input: what type of flooring?
target: flooring . what type of flooring? what color?
output: flooring. what type of flooring? what color?

input: we love granite backsplash so if river white isn't available, do you still have the cashmere available?
target: love it! are you able to get river white granite for backsplash? we were told river white granite in 3/4" thickness for the backsplash was not available. we love granite backsplash so if river white isn't available, do you still have the cashmere available?
output: is granite available? we love granite backsplash so if river white isn't available, do you still have the cashmere available?

input: do you know where or of anyone in dallas that has these cabinets please?
target: cabinets . do you know where or of anyone in dallas that has these cabinets please? i love them!
output: cabinets. do you know where or of anyone in dallas that has these cabinets please? i am looking for white framed cabinets with the rustic look. thanks.

input: what type of venting do you have over your range?
target: venting . what type of venting do you have over your range? i love the cabinets and am interested in doing some type of "hidden" hood vent over our range . this looks amazing!
output: venting. what type of venting do you have over your range? i love the cabinets and am interested in doing some type of" hidden" hood vent over our range. this looks amazing!

input: also the wall oven how far away is island from it?
target: island cabinets . what did you put in island along with sink? i have almost the same dimensions for our galley kitchen. am perplexed about storage space. also the wall oven how far away is island from it?
output: island. what is the island? also the wall oven how far away is island from it?

input: how much does the kick/base of the island stick out beyond the cabinet .
target: how much does the kick/base of the island stick out beyond the cabinet . does the kick plate on the island protrude by 1/2" or 1/4"? we really like this kitchen! thanks!
output: how much does the kick/base of the island stick out beyond the cabinet. does the kick/base of the island stick out beyond the cabinet. does the kick/base of the island stick out beyond the cabinet. thanks

input: i'm wondering what the dimensions are and also of the island.
target: love this kitchen. dimensions . hi, i would love this kitchen. i'm wondering what the dimensions are and also of the island. thanks!
output: dimensions. hi, i would love to know the dimensions of this kitchen, but i'm wondering what the dimensions are and also of the island. thanks.

input: what is the material andamp.
target: countertop . what is the material andamp. color of the countertops?
output: countertop materials. what is the material andamp. color of the countertops?

input: what is the floor?
target: what is the floor? type and color? thanks!
output: what is the floor? looks like oak? stained or is it laminate? thanks

input: are the countertops quartz?
target: quartz . are the countertops quartz? if so, what color?
output: are the countertops quartz? if so what is the color? thank you

input: could you tell me what the navy paint color and brand is please?
target: lovin' the navy paint color . could you tell me what the navy paint color and brand is please? love it!
output: lovin' the navy paint color. could you tell me what the navy paint color and brand is please? love it!

input: we just had our cabinets painted amazing gray and would like to add a glaze but aren't sure what to choose since we aren't familiar with using glaze.
target: glaze color over paint on cabinets? love the cabinet color! i noticed that you replied to an earlier post where you mentioned using a glaze over the amazing gray paint color. we just had our cabinets painted amazing gray and would like to add a glaze but aren't sure what to choose since we aren't familiar with using glaze. thanks in advance for any help you can provide!
output: glaze color over paint on cabinets? love the cabinet color! we just had our cabinets painted amazing gray and would like to add a glaze but aren't sure what to choose since we aren't familiar with using glaze. thank you in advance for your help!

input: what is the type of countertop and color.
target: what color is the countertop . what is the type of countertop and color. please and thank you. very beautiful kitchen!
output: what is the type of countertop and color. please advise and thank you. your kitchen is stunning.

input: do you know the manufacturer or style?
target: brick is so nice! i love the look, and i'm having problems finding a similar brick. do you know the manufacturer or style?
output: brick is so nice. do you know the manufacturer or style? thanks

input: did you white.wash brick or veneer?
target: how was the backsplash created? did you white.wash brick or veneer? beautiful kitchen!!
output: how was the backsplash created? did you white. wash brick or veneer? beautiful kitchen!

input: mind sharing the cabinet color?
target: cabinet color . mind sharing the cabinet color? thank you
output: cabinet color. mind sharing the cabinet color? thank you

input: did you put in a polish nickel faucet?
target: love the light bronze pulls. did you put in a polish nickel faucet? my kitchen is hanging by a knob decision. :) i have a black quartzite with white veining on the perimeter white island has a white marble top. i love the ashley norton pulls was wondering if it will clash with my faucets which are polished nickel. thank you so much for your kind feedback!
output: i love the soap dispenser, and the faucets. did you put in a polish nickel faucet? what is the name of the soap dispenser?

input: please give me the brand or where i may find them, i've found similar but i love the simplicity of these.
target: where did the pendent lights come from? please give me the brand or where i may find them, i've found similar but i love the simplicity of these. tia kathy
output: where did the pendent lights come from? please give me the brand or where i may find them, i've found similar but i love the simplicity of these. tia kathy

input: we are having our cabinet maker build a vent hood very similar to the one shown in the picture, but are having a hard time finding many good options for the vent hood insert to install inside the cabinet to accommodate the dimensions of the cabinetry.
target: do you happen to know the vent hood insert brand? we are having our cabinet maker build a vent hood very similar to the one shown in the picture, but are having a hard time finding many good options for the vent hood insert to install inside the cabinet to accommodate the dimensions of the cabinetry. do you have any idea what brand insert they used on this project? i am thrilled to have found the photos of this project. it's as if you created the kitchen i've been seeing in my head and made it a reality! now some of the lingering questions and dilemmas i've been having on the design process have been answered with all of your thorough responses. thank you so much for your willingness to share!
output: do you happen to know the vent hood insert brand? we are having our cabinet maker build a vent hood very similar to the one shown in the picture, but are having a hard time finding many good options for the vent hood insert to install inside the cabinet to accommodate the dimensions of the room to accommodate the dimensions of the dimensions. do you have any idea what brand insert they used on this? i

input: what is the exact color and make of the granite counters that look like soapstone?
target: granite . hello. what is the exact color and make of the granite counters that look like soapstone? beautiful!
output: granite. hello. what is the exact color and make of the granite counters that look like soapstone? beautiful!

input: can you tell me the wall color
target: wall color question . live this kitchen . can you tell me the wall color
output: wall color. can you tell me the wall color

input: could you please share the dimensions of this island?
target: island . your work is beautiful.all of it! could you please share the dimensions of this island?
output: island. could you please share the dimensions of this island? this kitchen is stunning! thank you.

input: what wood was used for island?
target: what wood was used for island? it isn’t painted white, is it? it looks like wood of some sort.
output: what wood was used for island? it isn’t painted white, is it? it looks like wood of some sort.

input: can you tell me the about the floors?
target: love this kitchen . can you tell me the about the floors? type and color
output: love this kitchen. can you tell me the about the floors? type and color

input: what is the island slab and countertops?
target: island and countertop material . what is the island slab and countertops? i love the white and gray. thank you!
output: island. what is the island slab and countertops? is this feasible with 8' ceiling?

input: any chance you know the ceiling height for this space?
target: any chance you know the ceiling height for this space? trying to decide if our cabinets go all the way to the ceiling or not. thank you!
output: any chance you know the ceiling height for this space? trying to decide if our cabinets go all the way to the ceiling or not. thanks!

input: what white was used?
target: whites are hard to choose! what white was used? for the walls and ship lap. this is my fav kitchen!
output: whites are hard to choose! what white was used? in an earlier, i white man answering my door, that says it is white. blacks want to keep the white as well.

input: what type of wood and stain was used for the island?
target: what type of wood and stain was used for the island? this is exactly the look i am after for our new home! i hope you can provide a bit of info! love it!
output: what type of wood and stain was used for the island? this is exactly the look i am after for our new home! i hope you can provide a bit of info! love the overall look!

input: where were these purchased?
target: pendants . where were these purchased? i have seen similar ones but this particular style i really like and would like to purchase. thank you.
output: love the chairs. where were these purchased? thank you.

input: what type of tongue and groove ceiling is this (v.groove, standard t andamp.
target: ceiling? love everything about this kitchen! what type of tongue and groove ceiling is this (v.groove, standard t andamp. g flooring)? also, do you recommend t andamp. g over doing shiplap?
output: ceiling? love everything about this kitchen! what type of tongue and groove ceiling is this(v. groove, standard t andamp. g flooring) ? also, do you recommend t andamp. g over doing shiplap?

input: do you have a source for the pulls and kitchen sink?
target: sink and cabinet pulls . stunning kitchen. do you have a source for the pulls and kitchen sink? thank you!
output: sink and cabinet pulls. stunning kitchen. do you have a source for the pulls and kitchen sink? thank you

input: can you tell me the manufacture.
target: island legs . i have a client that loves the island legs. can you tell me the manufacture. please? thanks
output: island legs. i have a client that loves the island legs. can you tell me the manufacture. please? thanks

input: could you tell me the material and color of the perimeter counter.
target: love this kitchen . could you tell me the material and color of the perimeter counter. i have white dove cabinets and im afraid i willl pick out a counter that will make them look yellow! you nailed this!
output: love this kitchen. could you tell me the material and color of the perimeter counter. i have white dove cabinets and im afraid i willl pick out a counter that will make them look yellow! you nailed this!

input: can you please tell me who manufactured this beautiful cooper hood?
target: lizzie . can you please tell me who manufactured this beautiful cooper hood? thanks!
output: cooper hood. can you please tell me who manufactured this beautiful cooper hood? thanks

input: can you tell me trim and cabinet color?
target: trim and cabinet color . i love your work! well done with your attention to detail! can you tell me trim and cabinet color? thank you!
output: trim and cabinet color. i love your work! well done with your attention to detail! can you tell me trim and cabinet color? thank you!

input: could you share the island dimensions?
target: island size. could you share the island dimensions? your work is exquisite.thanks!
output: island dimensions? this is stunning! could you share the island dimensions?

input: can you tell me the type floor .
target: so gorgeous! can you tell me the type floor . reclaimed?
output: so gorgeous! can you tell me the type floor. reclaimed?

input: was wondering if that is ok?
target: copper sink . i am dying to have a farmhouse copper sink! we are going with a slighlty off white cabinets with brushed bronze and copper accent hardware. was wondering if that is ok? we are not sure if we are doing a dark wood island but more towards not. what are your thoughts? is the contrast ok?
output: copper sink. i am dying to have a farmhouse copper sink! we are going with a slighlty off white cabinets with brushed bronze and copper accent hardware. was wondering if that is ok? we are not sure if we are doing a dark wood closet but more towards not. what is the price. is it ok?

input: could you tell me about the chandelier?
target: chandelier . could you tell me about the chandelier? it's beautiful.
output: chandelier. could you tell me about the chandelier? it's beautiful.

input: using white dove on the cabinets what color tile did you use for back splash?
target: using white dove on the cabinets what color tile did you use for back splash? was it a pure white? thanks !
output: using white dove on the cabinets what color tile did you use for back splash? was it a pure white? thanks

input: what colour and type of paint is on the wall?
target: what colour and type of paint is on the wall? i am in love with this kitchen! it says home! and in awe of your companies diversity in design, having just looked at one of your modern builds.
output: what colour and type of paint is on the wall? i am in love with this kitchen! it says home! and in awe of your companies diversity in design, having just looked at one of your modern builds.

input: could you please tell me what the countertops are and what color?
target: countertops . could you please tell me what the countertops are and what color? thanks! beautiful kitchen!
output: countertops. could you please tell me what the countertops are and what color? thanks

input: i love the wall color with the white cabinets.what's the wall color?
target: what is the wall color? i love the wall color with the white cabinets.what's the wall color? thanks!
output: what is the wall color? i love the wall color with the white cabinets. what's the wall color? thanks

input: do you know the exact color underneath the dark coffee glaze?
target: what are the colors used on the cabinets? i am looking to replicate this color. in your earlier comment you mention you started with a color similar to benjamin moore gray mist but that color is almost creme colored, not nearly as blue/green/gray as this picture. do you know the exact color underneath the dark coffee glaze?
output: what are the colors used on the cabinets? i am looking to replicate this color. in your earlier comment you mention you started with a color similar to benjamin moore gray mist but that color is almost creme colored, not nearly as blue/green/gray as this picture. do you know the exact color underneath the dark coffee glaze?

input: is the cabinet to the right of the hood really wood fronted?
target: cabinetface . is the cabinet to the right of the hood really wood fronted? it looks like horn or something else. please elaborated. thanks
output: cabinetface. is the cabinet to the right of the hood really wood fronted? it looks like horn or something else. please elaborated. thanks

input: can you tell me who the manufacturer is?
target: same hood not shown below price tag . hi love your design's i clicked the tag on the hood but do not see it below. can you tell me who the manufacturer is? thanks so much!!
output: love the hardware! can you tell me who the manufacturer is? hardware

input: any guidance where i could purchase?
target: love the rug! any guidance where i could purchase? brand?
output: love the rug! any guidance where i could purchase? thank you.

input: would you mind sharing the paint you used for the cabinets?
target: what paint color are the cabinets?? amazing kitchen!! would you mind sharing the paint you used for the cabinets? i am thinking about refinishing my kitchen cabinets and i think this color can work perfectly!! thank you!
output: countertop material and paint. would you mind sharing the paint you used for the cabinets? i'm looking for something just like that. thanks

input: what color appliances in small kitchen with white cabinets?
target: what color appliances in small kitchen with white cabinets? time to get new appliances. i have a very small kitchen in a condo that has white cabinets. the back splash is a jade green subway tile. i am concerned that the stainless might chop up the kitchen. it has a light silver granite and gray tile floors. it currently has white appliances.
output: what color appliances in small kitchen with white cabinets? and, the sink area. where did you get the sink? it looks different from the stainless drawers. thank you.

input: could you please share where did you get the drawer pulls and what color/model are they?
target: drawer pulls . beautiful contemporary kitchen! could you please share where did you get the drawer pulls and what color/model are they? thanks!
output: drawer pulls. beautiful contemporary kitchen! could you please share where did you get the drawer pulls and what color/model are they? thanks!

input: also, how large is the space between the island and refrigerator and the space behind the chairs?
target: size of island . can you give me the measurements of the island? and what is the size of the overhang? also, how large is the space between the island and refrigerator and the space behind the chairs? thank you!
output: size of island. can you give me the measurements of the island? and what is the size of the overhang? also, how large is the space between the island and refrigerator and the space behind the chairs? thank you!

input: could you please let me know where the barstools were purchased?
target: source for the barstools . could you please let me know where the barstools were purchased? i love them!
output: i love this kitchen! could you please let me know where the barstools were purchased? i love them!

input: what are the other colors used on the cabinets and walls?
target: paint colors used? what are the other colors used on the cabinets and walls? thanks!
output: paint colors used? what are the other colors used on the cabinets and walls? thank you

input: can you please tell me the brand of cabinet pulls?
target: cabinet pulls!!! can you please tell me the brand of cabinet pulls? thanks!
output: cabinet pulls. can you please tell me the brand of cabinet pulls? thanks

input: what color is the island paint?
target: what color is the island??? what color is the island paint? who makes it?
output: island paint. what color is the island paint? and what is the dimension of the wood?

input: hi, what is the clearence you have from island to the cabinets where you positioned the 2 chairs?
target: clearance . hi, what is the clearence you have from island to the cabinets where you positioned the 2 chairs? thanks in advance!
output: clearance. hi, what is the clearence you have from island to the cabinets where you positioned the 2 chairs? thanks in advance!

input: can you please tell me the dimensions of the kitchen island?
target: dimensions of kitchen island? and butcher block question. can you please tell me the dimensions of the kitchen island? the cabinet underneath and the counter on top? also, is there a finish on the butcher block countertop? thank you so much!
output: dimensions. can you please tell me the dimensions of the kitchen island? i love the seating space it creates!

input: good morning can you please share the brand and make of the chairs?
target: bar stools . good morning can you please share the brand and make of the chairs? thank you
output: chairs. good morning can you please share the brand and make of the chairs? thank you

input: is the top of this island stained?
target: top of island . is the top of this island stained? if so, what color stain was used? please share! i love this look!
output: top of island. is the top of this island stained? if so, what color stain was used? please share! i love this look!

input: what material is on the kitchen backsplash?
target: great looking kitchen! what material is on the kitchen backsplash? thanks.
output: great looking kitchen! what material is on the kitchen backsplash? thanks

input: could you tell me about the flooring, manufacture, color, etc.
target: updating kitchen . could you tell me about the flooring, manufacture, color, etc. also the island color. thank you
output: could you tell me about the flooring, manufacture, color, etc. also the flooring. thank you in advance for your reply

input: where did the lights come from?
target: where did the lights come from? i absolutely love the dark look of these antique, gothic style lights. my husband and i are planning on remodeling our downstairs, so we are looking for the perfect fixtures to use. since we're both a fan of antique, gothic style products, we will be sure to find some lights like the ones in this picture. http://www.herwig.com/lanterns
output: where did the lights come from? i absolutely love the dark look of these antique, gothic style lights. my husband and i are planning on remodeling our downstairs, so we are looking for the perfect fixtures to use. since we're both a fan of antique, gothic style products, we will be sure to find some lights like the ones in this picture. http: //www

input: is there a tip/trick in mixing metals of the same type of pull?
target: the somerset weston pulls (mixing finishes) . i love that you were mixing the somerset weston pull finishes! is there a tip/trick in mixing metals of the same type of pull? esp with faucet finishes, etc?
output: the somerset weston pulls(mixing finishes) . i love that you were mixing the somerset weston pull finishes! is there a tip/trick in mixing metals of the same type of pull? esp with faucet finishes, etc?

input: what brand and model of floor is this?
target: love the floor . what brand and model of floor is this? looks beautiful.
output: love the floor. what brand and model of floor is this? looks beautiful.

input: what color is the gray paint on the left hand wall here?
target: paint . what color is the gray paint on the left hand wall here? thank you
output: paint. what color is the gray paint on the left hand wall here? thank you

input: what kind of wood was used for the floor?
target: white oak floors? what kind of wood was used for the floor? is it white oak? what is a swedish finish?
output: floors? what kind of wood was used for the floor? is it red oak? what is a swedish finish?

input: would love to duplicate on the end of our work island!
target: island overhang . can you tell me the width of overhang at widest? would love to duplicate on the end of our work island! any additional details appreciated.
output: island overhang. can you tell me the width of overhang at widest? would love to duplicate on the end of our work island! any additional details appreciated.

input: is there a name for the style?
target: sink . where did you get the sink? is there a name for the style? i like the angled front
output: sink. where did you get the sink? is there a name for the style? i have a small kitchen in a bay just like this!

input: how did you bear the weight of the second floor once you moved the wall back 3 feet?
target: how difficult was it to move the wall? was it load bearing? how did you bear the weight of the second floor once you moved the wall back 3 feet?
output: how did you bear the weight of the second floor once you moved the wall back 3 feet? we absolutely love this kitchen! how did you bear the weight of the second floor once you moved the wall back 3 feet?

input: are the little grey tiles between the red ones also "canvas glazed porcelain" tiles?
target: love the backsplash . are the little grey tiles between the red ones also "canvas glazed porcelain" tiles? thank you!
output: backsplash tiles? are the little grey tiles between the red ones also" canvas glazed porcelain" tiles? these are beautiful!

input: stain, and finish did you use to get your floors to look natural without looking too golden?
target: what type of floors, stain, and finish? what type of floors. stain, and finish did you use to get your floors to look natural without looking too golden?
output: floors, and finish? this is the exact type of floors you used for this kitchen! what is the exact color and finish? stain, and finish did you use to get your floors to look natural without looking too golden?

input: would you share the door style from bellmont?
target: lovely . would you share the door style from bellmont? many thanks!
output: door style? would you share the door style from bellmont? many thanks!

input: may i know what backsplash was used and who makes the vent hood?
target: beautiful . this kitchen looks amazing. may i know what backsplash was used and who makes the vent hood?
output: i love this kitchen! may i know what backsplash was used and who makes the vent hood? thanks!

input: if possible, please also include stain color?
target: floors? what type of floors are pictured? if possible, please also include stain color? beautiful!
output: floors? what is the stain color? if possible, please also include stain color? beautiful!

input: love the floors, can you share any details?
target: love the floors, can you share any details? it looks like a wood grain plank tile, but i can't really tell. thanks.
output: floors. love the floors, can you share any details? it looks like a wood butcher block. thanks

input: marble or quartz?
target: love the backsplash. marble or quartz? slab? appreciate the name.
output: love the backsplash. marble or quartz? slab? appreciate the name.

input: please inform of the material above the range and below the hood that matches the shiplap where to find it.
target: above ranges below hood . please inform of the material above the range and below the hood that matches the shiplap where to find it. thank you
output: above ranges below hood. please inform of the material above the range and below the hood that matches the shiplap where to find it. thanks

input: i'm trying to determine what questions to ask to make sure that my 12 x 5 ft island is fabricated correctly.
target: kitchen island size . this kitchen island is beautiful! can you tell me the dimensions of the island and also if there is a seam in the top? i'm trying to determine what questions to ask to make sure that my 12 x 5 ft island is fabricated correctly. i haven't been able to find options without a seam being a factor in the design.
output: i am trying to determine what questions to ask to make sure that my 12 x 5 ft island is fabricated correctly. i have 11 foot ceilings and couldn't decide if i should choose a 6 x 5 ft island with open shelving or chains out of wood. any advice would be appreciated. thank you

input: what is the size of the kitchen?
target: kitchen size . love this kitchen! what is the size of the kitchen? it is so dreamy!
output: kitchen size. love this kitchen! what is the size of the kitchen? it is so dreamy!

input: did you custom paint the sashes or was that an option from the manufacturer?
target: window . can you share the window manufacturer? did you custom paint the sashes or was that an option from the manufacturer?
output: window. can you share the window manufacturer? did you custom paint the sashes or was that an option from the manufacturer?

input: where did you put the fridge?
target: beautiful! where did you put the fridge? to the left or right?
output: beautiful! where did you put the fridge? to the left or right?

input: island and cabinets, as well as wood floor?
target: island and cabinets, as well as wood floor? i love everything about this room. what color are the kitchen cabinets? what wood/stain is the island? and the wood floor? thank you!
output: island and cabinets, as well as wood floor? this is such a classy kitchen! what is the wood and trim? what is the wood floor? what is the finish? and the chairs? thank you,

input: may i ask are these the middle or the largest size they offer?
target: pendant lights . these look like pendants from circa. may i ask are these the middle or the largest size they offer?
output: middle chairs. these are the middle or the largest size they offer? i love these chairs.

input: what is the cabinet color?
target: what is the cabinet color? it's beautiful! cabinet color? thanks!
output: what is the cabinet color? it's beautiful! cabinet color? thanks!

input: i love the countertop, is it quartz or marble?
target: love the countertop is it marble or quartz? i love the countertop, is it quartz or marble? thanks for any info and yes the appliance garage is also nice, looking into that as well.
output: love the countertop is it marble or quartz? i love the countertop, is it quartz or marble? thanks

input: what finish and style is the cabinet hardware?
target: cabinet hardware . gorgeous! what finish and style is the cabinet hardware?
output: cabinet hardware. this is a fantastic kitchen! what finish and style is the cabinet hardware? what finish and style is the cabinet hardware?

input: i want a straight pull up door with hinges about 38 x 13 inches to cover the cabinet where my microwave is currently.
target: can i get an estimated price on either just hinges for a straight pull . i want a straight pull up door with hinges about 38 x 13 inches to cover the cabinet where my microwave is currently. how do you sell them? only the hinges or with a door attached? how much do they cost for a wooden cabinet door panel?
output: i want a straight pull up door with hinges about 38 x 13 inches to cover the cabinet where my microwave is currently. how do i keep this done? what is the dimension?

input: i am currently remodeling my kitchen, and wondered if there is a formula to determine what size pull to put on what size drawers.
target: kitchen handles . your kitchen design is beautiful, and i thank you so much for sharing your professional resources with everyone. i am currently remodeling my kitchen, and wondered if there is a formula to determine what size pull to put on what size drawers. i have 42", 30", 24" and 18" drawers. i would greatly appreciate any help you can provide. i am planning on using the same empire handles you did!
output: kitchen handles. your kitchen design is beautiful, and i thank you so much for sharing your professional resources with everyone. i am currently remodeling my kitchen, and wondered if there is a formula to determine what size pull to put on what size drawers. i have 42" , 30" , 24" and 18" drawers. i would greatly appreciate any help you can provide. i am currently

input: can you please share what this is?
target: what is the floor? it is hard to find a light, contemporary floor. can you please share what this is? love the entire look
output: what is the floor? it is hard to find a light, contemporary floor. can you please share what this is? love the entire look

input: where are the soap dispensers?
target: where are soap dispensers? looks nice, but not realistic. where are the soap dispensers?
output: where are soap dispensers? looks nice, but not realistic. where are the soap dispensers?

input: where can i find those shelves?
target: where can i find those shelves? they are great! im looking for floating natural wood shelves like these as i am using a similar tile and look.
output: where can i find those shelves? what is the material? they are great.

input: can you please tell me if the ceiling is repose gray as well?
target: ceiling color . i, also, love the cabinet/wall color combination. can you please tell me if the ceiling is repose gray as well?
output: ceiling color. can you please tell me if the ceiling is repose gray as well? and, if so, as it is painted gray?

input: do you know what the stain color is?
target: barn door! love it! do you know what the stain color is? and who makes it?
output: stain color. do you know what the stain color is? thanks

input: when was this kitchen remodeled?
target: love this whole look! i am tryilng to find the brick veneer . i am trying to locate culpepper brick veneer and i can't seem to find it at any general shale distributors. when was this kitchen remodeled? i wonder if the name has been changed. i am using the same colors in my remodel and want the same brick if possible! thanks so much!
output: love this whole look! i am tryilng to find the brick veneer. when was this kitchen remodeled? what is the name of it? thanks

input: what is the height of the ceiling?
target: measurements . what is the height of the ceiling? backsplash? space in.between the shelves? thanks in advance!!
output: measurements. what is the height of the ceiling? backsplash? space in. between the shelves? thanks!

input: can you please tell me if the pot racks and lights are all one unit?
target: pot rack/lights . can you please tell me if the pot racks and lights are all one unit? was this purchased or custom made? very nice kitchen! thank you
output: pot rack/lights. can you please tell me if the pot racks and lights are all one unit? is it a 30" or larger. i have a 48" pedestal pedestal and a 12" pedestal. thank you

input: is that a fake brick linoleum floor?
target: linoleum? is that a fake brick linoleum floor? that might be a little too retro.
output: linoleum? is that a fake brick linoleum floor? that might be a little too retro.

input: could you please give me the name and source of the paint or source of the cabinets?
target: great cabinet color! were the cabinets painted or custom ordered in that color? could you please give me the name and source of the paint or source of the cabinets? thanks.
output: great cabinet color! were the cabinets painted or custom ordered in that color? could you please give me the name and source of the paint or source of the cabinets? thanks.

input: enlarge photo???
target: enlarge photo??? my iphone can't enrage photos. frustrating. idea?
output: enlarge photo? ? ? ? my iphone can't enrage photos. frustrating. idea?

input: what is your cabinet paint color?
target: paint color . what is your cabinet paint color? thank you, this is a nice project.
output: paint color. what is your cabinet paint color? thank you.

input: distance from back edge of island to far side of table/chairs?
target: dimensions of island/table . hi, how long /deep is the island? distance from back edge of island to far side of table/chairs? thanks!
output: dimensions of island/table. hi, how long/deep is the island? distance from back edge of island to far side of table/chairs? thanks!

input: is that frosted glass on the front of the cabinets?
target: is that frosted glass on the front of the cabinets? i'm in love with this kitchen. love everything about it. does the viking refrigerator come in other colors? not that blue isn't nice. just wondering.
output: is that frosted glass on the front of the cabinets? and what is the color/name? thank you.

input: where can i purchase this same one .
target: love the island!!! where can i purchase this same one . all wood butcher block island
output: love the island! where can i purchase this same one. all wood butcher block island

input: where can i find those bar stools?
target: where can i find those bar stools? thanks! beautiful
output: where can i find those bar stools? thanks. i have a client that loves the bar stools and they are amazing

input: hi, what is the clearance between the counter and the island.
target: clearance between counters and island . hi, what is the clearance between the counter and the island. thank you in advance for you answer!
output: clearance between counters and island. hi, what is the clearance between the counter and the island. thank you in advance for your reply

input: could you please share the maker of the counter stools?
target: counter stools? could you please share the maker of the counter stools? they are lovely! thank you.
output: counter stools? could you please share the maker of the counter stools? they are lovely! thank you.

input: durning can you tell me if the granite stains, scratches?
target: beautiful kitchen! a favourite! durning can you tell me if the granite stains, scratches? if it's just crumbs and dust i can live with that. did you consider soapstone? i'm curious.so hard to figure out.
output: beautiful kitchen! a favourite! durning can you tell me if the granite stains, scratches? if it's just crumbs and dust i can live with that. did you consider soapstone? i'm curious. so hard to figure out.

input: durning can you tell me if the granite stains, scratches?
target: beautiful kitchen! a favourite! durning can you tell me if the granite stains, scratches? if it's just crumbs and dust i can live with that. did you consider soapstone? i'm curious.so hard to figure out.
output: beautiful kitchen! a favourite! durning can you tell me if the granite stains, scratches? if it's just crumbs and dust i can live with that. did you consider soapstone? i'm curious. so hard to figure out.

input: does the backsplash vary in shape throughout the kitchen?
target: is the backsplash white with diamond cut? does the backsplash vary in shape throughout the kitchen? thank you!
output: is the backsplash white with diamond cut? does the backsplash vary in shape throughout the kitchen? thank you

input: is black pearl much different than absolute black?
target: is black honed granite harder to keep clean? we have white shaker cabinets and will be using white appliances. i like the idea of the contrasting black but wondered about fingerprints, dust, etc. it was suggested that i use honed black pearl. is black pearl much different than absolute black?
output: is black honed granite harder to keep clean? we have white shaker cabinets and will be using white appliances. i like the idea of the contrasting black but wondered about fingerprints, dust, etc. it was suggested that i use honed black pearl. is black pearl much different than absolute black?

input: i was wondering what color grout you used?
target: grout color . i have ordered a sample of the tile. i was wondering what color grout you used?
output: grout color. hello! i was wondering what color grout you used?

input: how much space is there between the island and range?
target: island . what are the dimensions of the island? how much space is there between the island and range?
output: distance between island and range? what is the distance from range to back? how much space is there between the island and range?

input: suggestion for coordinating paint?
target: suggestion for coordinating paint? hi erin, this is our favorite kitchen on houzz! we have selected several similar finishes for our renovation, but we are stumped on our island base paint, we want a color in a dusty teal color to really catch the iridescence of the susan jablon tile. suggestions on brand or color?
output: suggestion for coordinating paint? where is the finish? and what finish?

input: would it be too distracting to have orb in this serene kitchen?
target: hardware in oil rubbed bronze. i would love to mimic this look. white cabinets and same tile. we have oil rubbed bronze throughout the house. would it be too distracting to have orb in this serene kitchen?
output: would it be too distracting to have orb in this serene kitchen? i have orbs that are adjustable? thank you!

input: can you tell me what product was used to seal the counter top?
target: quartzite . love the counter top. i just remodeled a bath using quartzite. aquarella. can you tell me what product was used to seal the counter top?
output: counter top. can you tell me what product was used to seal the counter top? andgt. thank you

input: can you tell me where you got them?
target: cabinets inset . are all the cabinets inset? can you tell me where you got them?
output: cabinets. i am in love with these cabinets. can you tell me where you got them?

input: can you tell me what you used for the tile edges that did not end against a wall?
target: tile edge . hi erin, gorgeous job! love it so much, i'm ordering the tiles for my back splash. can you tell me what you used for the tile edges that did not end against a wall? i have an area where the tiles will end and the wall paint color continues. thank you.
output: tile edge. can you tell me what you used for the tile edges that did not end against a wall? i have been told by hask but this is difficult. any advice would be appreciated. thanks

input: can you please tell me the square footage of the kitchen/family room space?
target: square footage? can you please tell me the square footage of the kitchen/family room space? thanks!
output: square footage. can you please tell me the square footage of the kitchen/family room space? thanks!

input: wall color ?
target: wall color ? so pretty . love the paint color. please share the color name and number.
output: wall color? so pretty! wall color?

input: or if made, how is it made, especially the support.
target: this kitchen is beautiful . so much to admire . my question is about the banquette . i am doing one in my kitchen. where did you get the table (can it be purchased?) or if made, how is it made, especially the support. also what material is used for the upholstery. thank you so much.
output: this kitchen is beautiful! what is the material? and what is the thickness? or if made, how is it made, especially the support. thank you

input: could you tell me what paint finish is used on the coiffured ceiling?
target: coiffured ceiling . love this room. could you tell me what paint finish is used on the coiffured ceiling?
output: coiffured ceiling. could you tell me what paint finish is used on the coiffured ceiling?

input: was is bm snowfall or decorator's white?
target: cabinet paint . snowfall or decorator's white? you mention 2 different cabinet colors in the comments so i'm a little confused about which one was actually used on these cabinets. was is bm snowfall or decorator's white? thanks!
output: snowfall or decorator's white? is is bm snowfall or decorator's white? thanks

input: and are there any maintenance issues with the white farmhouse sinks as far as staining?
target: backsplash tiles and sink?! i love this kitchen! could you tell me about the backsplash tiles? and are there any maintenance issues with the white farmhouse sinks as far as staining? love the look but don't want to worry about cleaning all the time.
output: backsplash tiles and sink? ! i love this kitchen! and are there any maintenance issues with the white farmhouse sinks as far as staining?

input: can you please tell me what knobs and pulls you used.
target: hardware . can you please tell me what knobs and pulls you used. they are very pretty.
output: hardware. can you please tell me what knobs and pulls you used. it looks like you built in. thanks.

input: what color is this?
target: working on my dream kitchen . i finally found my dream kitchen! i would like to reface my cabinets/paint them the same color as these from the picture. what color is this?
output: what color is this? i would like to know the cabinet color name and manufacturer. thanks!

input: what are they and where are they from?
target: tiles behind sink . i love the tiles behind the sink. what are they and where are they from?
output: love the cabinets. what are they and where are they from? thanks!

input: i would like to know what the island counter top is .
target: i would like to know what the island counter top is . please tell me what the island countertop is. thanks
output: i would like to know what the island counter top is. what is the dimension. thank you

input: can you please tell me the make?
target: hi the island sink looks to have a baby blue cast to it. can you please tell me the make? thank you!
output: hi, i love the cabinet knobs. can you please tell me the make? thank you!

input: hardware for this drawer custom made or available commercially?
target: hardware for this drawer custom made or available commercially? love! i love the knife block and spots for tools and oils too!! i must have this!
output: hardware for this drawer custom made or available commercially? love! i have a customer wanting a drawer with custom quality cabinets and hardware. i am having a hard time deciding on the right ones for this drawer.

input: who is the manufacturer of the cabinets and what is the color?
target: i have 4 questions for a fabulous kitchen . who is the manufacturer of the cabinets and what is the color? who is the manufacturer of the countertops and the color? who manufacturers the cabinet drawer pulls? who makes the pot rack?
output: i have 4 questions for a fabulous kitchen. who is the manufacturer of the cabinets and what is the color? who is the manufacturer of the countertops and the color? who manufacturers the cabinet drawer pulls? who makes the pot rack?

input: approx what size of house is this plan?
target: square footage . approx what size of house is this plan? do you have anymore exterior shots? beautiful!! thank you!
output: square footage. approx what size of house is this plan? do you have anymore exterior shots? beautiful!

input: what is the size of the island and clearance for seating?
target: what is the size of the island and clearance for seating? thank you! our kitchen is being remodeled to look like this! you did a fantastic job.
output: what is the size of the island and clearance for seating? thank you. seating at table level. this is the most beautiful kitchen i have seen!

input: also, is are the seat and back rest of the banquette upholstered?
target: lovely design! the kitchen is absolutely beautiful. lovely work. would you mind sharing the dimensions of the banquette? also, is are the seat and back rest of the banquette upholstered?
output: lovely design. lovely work. would you mind sharing the dimensions of the banquette? also, is are the seat and back rest of the banquette upholstered?

input: could you please tell me what wood floor is used here?
target: wood floor . could you please tell me what wood floor is used here? thanks!
output: wood floor. could you please tell me what wood floor is used here? thanks!

input: what size plank did you use?
target: ceiling . is that a v groove ceiling? what size plank did you use?
output: ceiling. is that a v groove ceiling? what size plank did you use?

input: wondering if you can tell me the approximate size/shape of the kitchen?
target: dimensions or general sizing . this is a fantastic kitchen space! wondering if you can tell me the approximate size/shape of the kitchen? is there a floor plan by any chance? thank you in advance!
output: dimensions or general sizing. this is a fantastic kitchen space! wondering if you can tell me the approximate size/shape of the kitchen? is there a floor plan by any chance? thank you in advance!

input: hello, would you please tell me the height and width of the backsplash wall above that mini fridge?
target: what size is the backsplash wall? hello, would you please tell me the height and width of the backsplash wall above that mini fridge? we want to do the same backsplash but are concerned that this 20.5in tile will not look as good if we do not have a similar size wall. thanks so much!
output: backsplash wall. hello, would you please tell me the height and width of the backsplash wall above that mini fridge? thanks!

input: what brand of cabinets are these?
target: what brand of cabinets are these? are they framed cabinets? i’m looking for white framed cabinets like these. thank you!
output: what brand of cabinets are these? are they stained or painted? and what color are they?

input: and if so what color?
target: countertop question . hello, i was wondering about the countertops. are they quartzit? and if so what color? thank you.
output: countertop question. hello, i was wondering about the countertops. are they quartzit? and if so what color? thank you.

input: do you know of one?
target: similar quartz? i would like to know of a quartz that has a similar look. do you know of one? thanks!
output: i would like to know of a microwave, or a microwave. do you know of one? thanks!

input: can you tell me who makes it?
target: white island sink . can you tell me who makes it? thank you
output: white island sink. can you tell me who makes it? thank you

input: i would like to know if choosing marble is going to be much more expensive and also will it take there be more maintenance involved and how practical is the marble compared to the granite.
target: differnece between using marble verses granite . i would like to know if choosing marble is going to be much more expensive and also will it take there be more maintenance involved and how practical is the marble compared to the granite. thanks!
output: i love the marble! i would like to know if choosing marble is going to be much more expensive and also will it take there be more maintenance involved and how practical is the marble compared to the granite. thanks!

input: did the windows come with black trim or is that paint?
target: windows . did the windows come with black trim or is that paint? thanks
output: windows. did the windows come with black trim or is that paint? thanks

input: would you mind sharing the style and manufacturer of the cabinets?
target: name of style of cabinet . i love the style and color of the cabinets. would you mind sharing the style and manufacturer of the cabinets? also the name and manufacturer of the hardware? thanks so much
output: who is the style and manufacturer? this is a gorgeous kitchen! would you mind sharing the style and manufacturer of the cabinets? also, where did you hide the oven? thanks.

input: if so what is the name
target: granite? is this granite? if so what is the name
output: granite? is this granite? if so what is the name

input: who is the manufacturer of these faucets?
target: vintage style faucets . who is the manufacturer of these faucets? thank you.
output: who is the manufacturer of these faucets? nice. thank you.

input: most are ' off ' when compared to the marble ( too yellow or tan ) i love your cabinet white !!
target: cabinet paint color ? i'm remodeling my kitchen and we're using calacatta oro marble counter tops, and the kitchen has a box beam ceiling. i'm looking for a an honest white to show off the marble. most are ' off ' when compared to the marble ( too yellow or tan ) i love your cabinet white !! can you share the info with me ? thanks for showing off your project. i love your taste !
output: cabinet paint color? i'm remodeling my kitchen and we're using calacatta oro marble counter tops, and the kitchen has a box beam ceiling. i'm looking for a an honest white to show off the marble. most are' off' when compared to the marble(too yellow or tan) i love your cabinet white! ! can you share the info with me

input: can you give me details like pa .
target: i love the cabinets and counter tops! can you give me details like pa . thank you:)
output: i love the cabinets and counter tops! can you give me details like pa. thank you: )

input: can you please tell me if you used 15" or 12" pulls on the largest drawers?
target: kitchen remodel . absolutely love this kitchen. can you please tell me if you used 15" or 12" pulls on the largest drawers? thank you.
output: kitchen remodel. absolutely love this kitchen. can you please tell me if you used 15" or 12" pulls on the largest drawers? thank you.

input: what are dimensions of island?
target: beautiful! what are dimensions of island? it's perfect . really perfect
output: beautiful! what are dimensions of island? i would like to know the overall dimensions of the island including the seating at one end. thanks!

input: what would you call the wooden accent strip beneath the farm sink?
target: wood accent beneath farm sinks . beautiful!! what would you call the wooden accent strip beneath the farm sink? i love this look but don't know what to call it! thank you!
output: wood accent beneath farm sinks. beautiful! ! what would you call the wooden accent strip beneath the farm sink? i love this kitchen! thank you!

input: any luck finding tile origins?
target: any info on the tile . any luck finding tile origins? please and thank you
output: any info on the tile. any luck finding tile origins? thank you.

input: it adds depth.where could i find it please and thank you :)
target: hello . i just love the variation in the tile. it adds depth.where could i find it please and thank you :)
output: hello. i just love this kitchen. it adds depth. where could i find it please and thank you: )

input: who is the manufacturer or where can one purchase it?
target: beautiful sink . who is the manufacturer or where can one purchase it? thanks!
output: who is the manufacturer or where can one purchase it? thanks. the room is lovely. i'm in the middle of my new home and have a great breakfast every year.

input: hello, could you please provide the name and manufacturer of the cabinet hardware?
target: cabinet hardware? hello, could you please provide the name and manufacturer of the cabinet hardware? thank you.
output: cabinet hardware? hello, could you please provide the name and manufacturer of the cabinet hardware? thank you.

input: where can i purchase the pot rack?
target: where can i purchase the pot rack? thank you . chrome . rectangle . two large bowl lights .
output: where can i purchase the pot rack? thank you. the kitchen, the house! and the chairs. where can i purchase the pot rack?

input: could i please have more info on hood?
target: hood . could i please have more info on hood? is is stainless with a pewter finish?
output: hood. could i please have more info on hood? is is stainless with a pewter finish?

input: would you mind sharing please the kind of stainless steel apron front sink that is?
target: sink . would you mind sharing please the kind of stainless steel apron front sink that is? i love it with its bar on the front and the overall look. thanks so much.
output: sink. would you mind sharing please the kind of stainless steel apron front sink that is? i love it with its bar on the front and the overall look. thanks.

input: who is the manufacturer please ?
target: hood . love the hood. who is the manufacturer please ?
output: hood. love the hood. who is the manufacturer please?

input: would love to know what stone you used for the counters as well as the backsplash.
target: countertops and backsplash . would love to know what stone you used for the counters as well as the backsplash. whitish beautifully done.
output: countertops and backsplash. would love to know what stone you used for the counters as well as the backsplash. thanks

input: how high are the ceilings?
target: beautiful kitchen! how high are the ceilings? i have 11 foot ceilings and i want to take the cabinets to top!
output: ceiling and cabinets height. gorgeous kitchen! how high are the ceilings? and upper cabinets?

input: can you tell me what type of stone the counter tops are and the color.
target: counter top material and color . can you tell me what type of stone the counter tops are and the color. thanks
output: counter top material and color. can you tell me what type of stone the counter tops are and the color. thanks

input: can you tell me where the light fixtures came from over the island.
target: light fixtures . beautiful design !! can you tell me where the light fixtures came from over the island.
output: light fixtures. can you tell me where the light fixtures came from over the island. thanks

input: what are the dimensions on the island?
target: island dimensions? absolutely a stunning kitchen! what are the dimensions on the island?
output: island. what are the dimensions on the island? thanks!

input: island counter stools .
target: island counter stools . love these island stools. where can i find these?
output: island counter stools. love these island stools. where can i find these?

input: would you mind sharing the specifications on it?
target: kitchen island paint color . hello, i've been looking for this color and wood style from this kitchen island. would you mind sharing the specifications on it? is it some kind of espresso? thank you
output: wall tile is gorgeous! would you mind sharing the specifications on it? i love the white and gray tile.

input: are they available commercially or strictly found in customized shops.
target: peninsula cabinets . i have a condo i am wanting to remodel and the small kitchen and dining room are divided by peninsula cabinets. i think the perfect solution would be the cabinets with glass doors on both sides. are they available commercially or strictly found in customized shops. i live in nashville tn.
output: peninsula cabinets. i have a condo i am wanting to remodel and the small kitchen and dining room are divided by peninsula cabinets. i think the perfect solution would be the cabinets with glass doors on both sides. are they available commercially or strictly found in customized shops. i live in nashville tn.

input: do the glass cabinets open from the dining room side as well?
target: do the glass cabinets open from the dining room side as well? what com . also, does the small square door actually open to storage?
output: do the glass cabinets open from the dining room side as well? what com. also, does the small square door actually open to storage?

input: where can i get the pulls andamp.
target: hardware . where can i get the pulls andamp. knobs?
output: hardware. where can i get the pulls andamp. knobs?

input: what lights are used inside the cabinets?
target: what lights are used inside the cabinets? who makes them? are they hard wired? what strength, color, led? ?dimm . what lights are used inside? are they hard wired? size, strength, bright white, etc.
output: what lights are used inside the cabinets? who makes them? are they hard wired? what strength, color, led? ? thanks

input: hi, can you tell me about the shades/make/model?
target: hi, can you tell me about the shades/make/model? thank you. nice work!
output: shades. hi, can you tell me about the shades/make/model? thank you.

input: may i get info about price and maintenance ?
target: kitchen remodel . i'm interested in the soapstone countertops. may i get info about price and maintenance ?
output: what is the price and maintenance of the kitchen? may i get info about price and maintenance?

input: can you tell me how this was fabricated and where you sources it!
target: range top back . is the backsplash behind the range top stainless steel? can you tell me how this was fabricated and where you sources it!
output: i love this kitchen! can you tell me how this was fabricated and where you sources it! thanks.

input: double thick rough edge counter top, how was it made with no seam?
target: double thick rough edge counter top, how was it made with no seam? i am having no luck finding a black honed granite 6cm thick counter top with a rough edge. the seam between shows in an alarming way. can you give me name of fabricator?
output: double thick rough edge counter top, how was it made with no seam? i have 9 ft ceilings and am trying to resolve the same issue. the is flat but huge. 5 ft long island. i have 9 ft ceilings and an estimated 5ft

input: what are the countertops made of and where did you get them?
target: countertops . what are the countertops made of and where did you get them? thanks!
output: countertops. what are the countertops made of and where did you get them? thanks!

input: where did you find the cabinetry hardware?
target: love the kitchen! where did you find the cabinetry hardware? thank you
output: love the kitchen! where did you find the cabinetry hardware? thank you

input: would you mind sharing the wall color?
target: would you mind sharing the wall color? thank you . i’m searching for the perfect gray for my kitchen.
output: wall color. would you mind sharing the wall color? thank you!

input: what color is the island and what company is it from.
target: island color . hello. what color is the island and what company is it from. thank you.
output: island color. hello. what color is the island and what company is it from. thank you

input: and how big is overhang of marble?
target: island dimensions? what are dimensions of island? and how big is overhang of marble?
output: island dimensions? what are dimensions of island? and how big is overhang of marble?

input: would u pls share the name of the cabinet maker?
target: cabinet maker . beautiful kitchen. would u pls share the name of the cabinet maker?
output: cabinet maker. beautiful kitchen. would u pls share the name of the cabinet maker?

input: do you know where it's available?
target: i like the backsplash. what kind/brand is it? where is it available? i like the backsplash. what kind/brand is it? do you know where it's available? thanks much.
output: i like the backsplash. what kind/brand is it? do you know where it's available? thanks!

input: would you mind sharing please the type and color of stone on the coutertops here?
target: countertops . would you mind sharing please the type and color of stone on the coutertops here? thank you!
output: countertops. would you mind sharing please the type and color of stone on the coutertops here? thanks!

input: hello, what is the color (name) of the backsplash ?
target: backsplash . hello, what is the color (name) of the backsplash ? thanks
output: backsplash. hello, what is the color(name) of the backsplash? thanks

input: what brand is the refrigerator and where did you purchase it?
target: fridge . what brand is the refrigerator and where did you purchase it? love it!
output: fridge. what brand is the refrigerator and where did you purchase it? love it!

input: would you know the brand and the door style name of the cabinets used here?
target: cabinets . would you know the brand and the door style name of the cabinets used here? thank you.
output: cabinets. would you know the brand and the door style name of the cabinets used here? thank you.

input: is this a custom built range hood?
target: range hood? is this a custom built range hood? do you know the approximate cost? thanks!
output: range hood? is this a custom built range hood? if so what is it?

input: can you tell me about the backsplash.
target: kitchen . can you tell me about the backsplash. thanks
output: kitchen. can you tell me about the backsplash. thanks

input: what is the length and width of the island?
target: length and width of island and counter top material . what is the length and width of the island? what is the material of the countertop? thanks!
output: length and width of island and counter top material. what is the length and width of the island? what is the material of the countertop? thanks

input: i looked that up online and is much more grey than what is shown here .
target: are you sure the colour of the island is hearthstone? i looked that up online and is much more grey than what is shown here . this island appears blue in the picture. i absolutely love this colour palette but can't seem to find the colours . is it maybe the picture
output: is there a product on the ceiling please? i looked that up online and is much more grey than what is shown here. this is beautiful!

input: where did you get those lights?
target: lights . where did you get those lights? they are so elegant!
output: lights. where did you get those lights? they are so elegant!

input: also, where are the lights and hardware from?
target: color . beautiful! can you tell me what color the island is? also, where are the lights and hardware from? i love your work! simply gorgeous!
output: color. beautiful! can you tell me what color the island is? also, where are the lights and hardware from? i love your work! simply gorgeous!

input: could this be a different color?
target: wrong paint color? i love this paint color on the walls and got a sample of the behr calligraphy which is very gray. could this be a different color? thanks in advance!
output: wrong paint color? i love this paint color on the walls and got a sample of the behr calligraphy which is very gray. could this be a different color? thanks in advance!

input: can you give me any information on the concrete countertops?
target: can you give me any information on the concrete countertops? i am curious about the particular color/brand used. thank you!
output: can you give me any information on the concrete countertops? i am curious about the particular color/brand used. thank you!

input: i was wondering if you could provide the door style used and confirm that it is just the morel stain, no glazes were used?
target: love your kitchen design!! andlt. ?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf.8"?andgt.andlt.mdandgt.this has to be the most beautiful and functional kitchen i’ve ever seen. well done! thank you for your description of each item. i was wondering if you could provide the door style used and confirm that it is just the morel stain, no glazes were used? thank you again!
output: love your kitchen design! andlt. . ? xml version=" 1.0" encoding=" utf. 8" ? andgt. andlt. mdandgt. this has to be the most beautiful and functional kitchen i’ve ever seen. well done! thank you for your description of each item. i was wondering if you could provide the door style used and confirm that it

input: what kind of wood is used for the island cabinetry?
target: what kind of wood is used for the island cabinetry? also how was it finished? thank you!
output: what kind of wood is used for the island cabinetry? also how was it finished? thank you!

input: what paint brand/colour is used on the cabinet?
target: what paint brand/colour is used on the cabinet? the black cabinets. what colour/brand black? is it a pure black, or a dark grey? hard to see from the photo. thanks!
output: what paint brand/colour is used on the cabinet? the black cabinets. what colour/brand black? is it a pure black, or a dark grey? hard to see from the photo. thanks

input: island and butcher block .
target: island and butcher block . i'd love to know the island's dimensions, butcher block's dimensions, and whether it is attached! thanks!
output: island and butcher block. i'd love to know the island's dimensions, butcher block's dimensions, and whether it is attached? thanks!

input: also, in banquette area, what is the paint color on interior windows please.
target: is there a product on the ceiling beams and if so, what is it? also, in banquette area, what is the paint color on interior windows please. thank you, barry
output: is there a product on the ceiling beams and if so, what is it? also, in banquette area, what is the paint color on interior windows please. thank you

input: would you share with me the type/name/color of the counter tops?
target: countertops . love the kitchen! would you share with me the type/name/color of the counter tops?
output: countertops. this is a beautiful kitchen! would you share with me the type/name/color of the counter tops?

input: could you please provide details on the kitchen sink?
target: sink . material and manufacturer? could you please provide details on the kitchen sink? materials and manufacturer.
output: sink. material and manufacturer? could you please provide details on the kitchen sink? materials and manufacturer.

input: i am looking for a floor just this color with texture certified for radiant heat?
target: floor . i am looking for a floor just this color with texture certified for radiant heat? can you provide the manufacture and floor names? thank you so much. sandy
output: floor. i am looking for a floor just this color with texture certified for radiant heat? can you provide the certified tile for the installation? thank you.

input: can you tell me the wall finish?
target: wall treatment . very pleasing space. this kitchen might even make me a better cook! can you tell me the wall finish? is it some kind of lime plaster? thanks.
output: wall treatment. i have a client that wants this same wall finish. can you tell me the wall finish?

input: do you know what color the cabinets are?
target: awesome kitchen! do you know what color the cabinets are? thanks!
output: do you know what color the cabinets are? i am looking for a bright cream color for my kitchen. this looks perfect!

input: do you happen to know where the chairs came from?
target: love this design! chair info? hi there! we have a similar design (although.not nearly as gorgeous!) do you happen to know where the chairs came from? i love how they look with the wood beams!
output: chairs. do you happen to know where the chairs came from? thanks!

input: is it flat or beveled?
target: love subway tile backsplash. is it flat or beveled? details pls
output: love subway tile backsplash. is it flat or beveled? what is it?

input: white bar stools, and i cannot tell if they're padded?
target: i like the bar stools. can you please give specifics about them? white bar stools, and i cannot tell if they're padded?
output: i like the bar stools. can you please give specifics about them? white bar stools, and i cannot tell if they're padded?

input: love the cabinet drawer pulls.could you tell me where they are from, product number, etc.?
target: cabinet drawer pulls . love the cabinet drawer pulls.could you tell me where they are from, product number, etc.? thanks!
output: cabinets. love the cabinet drawer pulls. could you tell me where they are from, product number, etc. ? thanks!

input: can you tell me what size it is and what type of hardwood?
target: flooring . i love the flooring. can you tell me what size it is and what type of hardwood? thank you!
output: flooring. i love the flooring. can you tell me what size it is and what type of hardwood? thank you!

input: can you please share the paint color for island cabinetry?
target: island color? can you please share the paint color for island cabinetry? this is a beautiful space. thank you.
output: island color? can you please share the paint color for island cabinetry? this is a beautiful space. thank you.

input: can you provide the source of the light over the table?
target: can you provide the source of the light over the table? love it! thank you!
output: can you provide the source of the light over the table? love it! thank you.

input: can you tell me the dimensions of this kitchen?
target: what are the dimensions of this kitchen? can you tell me the dimensions of this kitchen? thanks!
output: dimensions. can you tell me the dimensions of this kitchen? also, the width of the cabinets?

input: i would love a farmer sink, but will it be all right next to a stainless steel dishwasher , (farmers stainless sink), should i go white (using white subway tiles for a back splash.?
target: stainless farmer sink or under mount, white one! i am doing my kitchen over. i picked out a contempory granite (shiny black with white and gray running through it)! my appliances are stainless steel. i would love a farmer sink, but will it be all right next to a stainless steel dishwasher , (farmers stainless sink), should i go white (using white subway tiles for a back splash.? help!!
output: i am going to have a caesarean tile to replace the tile. i would love a farmer sink, but will it be all right next to a stainless steel dishwasher, (farmers stainless sink) , should i go white(using white subway tiles for a back splash. ) or does it look white(as well? thank you

input: who makes the drawers sliding out, not the recycling one .
target: who makes the drawers sliding out, not the recycling one . just the st . just the storage one
output: who makes the drawers sliding out, not the recycling one. just the st. just the storage one

input: i'd love to know the length of this kitchen.it looks like a 30" range, but is the dishwasher full.size?
target: dimensions . i'd love to know the length of this kitchen.it looks like a 30" range, but is the dishwasher full.size? also, is there a small gap between the range and the wall, and if so, why? thanks for posting fabulous pictures of small spaces!
output: dimensions. i'd love to know the length of this kitchen. it looks like a 30" range, but is the dishwasher full. size? also, is there a small gap between the range and the wall, and if so, why? thanks for posting fabulous pictures of small spaces!

input: could you please share who makes this sink?
target: who makes this sink? hello! your kitchen is so beautiful! could you please share who makes this sink? thank you so much in advance!
output: who makes this sink? hello! your kitchen is so amazing! could you please share who makes this sink? thank you.

input: do you suggest rodeo for north facing bedroom?
target: do you suggest rodeo for north facing bedroom? i'm look for a soft soothing warm gray, blue that won't read green. my doors are white dove. was considering gray owl or horizon. how does rodeo compare? thanks
output: do you suggest rodeo for north facing bedroom? i am look for a soft soothing warm gray, blue that won't read green. my doors are white dove. was considering gray owl or horizon. how does rodeo compare? thanks

input: can you please tell me who makes the pendants?
target: kitchen . can you please tell me who makes the pendants? thanks!
output: can you please tell me who makes the pendants? thanks.

input: hello can you please tell who made the cabinets?
target: cabinets . hello can you please tell who made the cabinets? if not custom, what type of cabinet is it? thanks
output: cabinets. hello can you please tell who made the cabinets? if not custom, what type of cabinet is it? thanks

input: is the ceiling height 10'?
target: ceiling . is the ceiling height 10'? beautiful design!
output: ceiling. is the ceiling height 10' ? beautiful design!

input: ok to mix finishes??
target: ok to mix finishes?? rule of thumb? hello. this looks great! we are building a house. i was told shouldn't use our antique brass chandelier in dining room if we'd like to use a silver tone for foyer and stairway. all other hardware satin nickel and polished chrome…thank you:)
output: ok to mix finishes? ? rule of thumb? hello. this looks great! we are building a house. i was told shouldn't use our antique brass chandelier in dining room if we'd like to use a silver tone for foyer and stairway. all other hardware satin nickel and polished chrome…thank you: )

input: is it possible to get this light and airy look when i've been given permission to only paint the island and stain the rest of the cabinets?
target: is there a way to achieve a similar feel with wood? our kitchen is a typical '90s, builder.grade type . honey oak wood on raised.panel cabinets and floors. is it possible to get this light and airy look when i've been given permission to only paint the island and stain the rest of the cabinets? any help is greatly appreciated . i'm a huge fan!
output: is there a way to achieve a similar feel with wood? our kitchen is a typical' 90s, builder. grade type. honey oak wood on raised. panel cabinets and floors. is it possible to get this light and airy look when i've been given permission to only paint the island and stain the rest of the cabinets? any help is greatly appreciated. i'm a huge fan!

input: who is the manufacturer?
target: beautiful pendants over island. who is the manufacturer? thank you
output: flooring? who is the manufacturer? beautiful!

input: would you mind sharing?
target: cabinet color . beautiful and perfect! love the cabinet color and style. would you mind sharing? thank you!
output: cabinet color. beautiful and perfect! love the cabinet color and style. would you mind sharing? thank you!

input: would you know where to find?
target: long containers? would you know where to find? love this pantry,!!
output: long containers? would you know where to find? love this pantry, !

input: can you please tell me the depth of both the lower cabinets and the upper shelves?
target: lower cabinet depth and upper shelving depth. great space! can you please tell me the depth of both the lower cabinets and the upper shelves? thank you.
output: lower cabinet depth and upper shelving depth. great space! can you please tell me the depth of both the lower cabinets and the upper shelves? thank you.

input: can you tell me what you used for the backsplash?
target: backsplash . can you tell me what you used for the backsplash? this room came out great.
output: backsplash. can you tell me what you used for the backsplash? this room came out great.

input: is the shelving stainless steel?
target: shelving . beautiful room. is the shelving stainless steel? did you make the shelving? if no, where could i find it. thanks
output: shelving. is the shelving stainless steel? or stained glass?

input: are those lanterns on the top shelf?
target: are those lanterns on the top shelf? where can i find them? thank you!
output: are those lanterns on the top shelf? where can i find them? thank you!

input: could you please give me the room dimensions?
target: lovely design! could you please give me the room dimensions? thank you!!
output: dimensions. could you please give me the room dimensions? this is the exact dimensions i'm looking for and what is the material. thanks!

input: can you tell me who the manufacturer is?
target: love the hardware! can you tell me who the manufacturer is? hardware
output: can you tell me who the manufacturer is? thanks. i have a client that loves the hardware. thank you.

input: can you tell me what the backsplash is?
target: backsplash . can you tell me what the backsplash is? love it!
output: backsplash. can you tell me what the backsplash is? love it!

input: who is the cabinet manufacturer and is that wallpaper?
target: what is on the walls? this is a great kitchen, really like everything about it! who is the cabinet manufacturer and is that wallpaper?
output: what is on the walls? this is a great kitchen, really like everything about it! who is the cabinet manufacturer and is that wallpaper?

input: can you please tell me the front door manufacturer?
target: front door . can you please tell me the front door manufacturer? is it wood or fiberglass? thank you
output: front door. can you please tell me the front door manufacturer? is it wood or fiberglass? thank you

input: what paint color is the screen door?
target: screen door . what paint color is the screen door? it is a beautiful accent.
output: screen door. what paint color is the screen door? it is a beautiful accent.

input: could you please divulge the color?
target: lovely blue for the door! could you please divulge the color? thank you!
output: the backsplash is beautiful. could you please divulge the color? thank you!

input: do you know how much it cost per square foot to build?
target: want to build. already own the land. what is the square footage of this bungalow? who is the builder? do you know how much it cost per square foot to build?
output: want to build. already own the land. what is the square footage of this bungalow? who is the builder? do you know how much it cost per square foot to build?

input: what color are the countertops?
target: countertops . what color are the countertops? they look very nice with the white walls and floor.
output: countertops. what color are the countertops? they look great.

input: are the cabinets, trim and walls all the same color of white?
target: paint color . are the cabinets, trim and walls all the same color of white? thanks!
output: paint color. are the cabinets, trim and walls all the same color of white? thanks!

input: island .
target: island . dimensions of island and overhang. thanks
output: island. this is exactly the island i have been drawing in my plans. it's perfect! please tell me the dimensions.

input: is it a “truer” white or does it have cream undertones?
target: perimeter cabinet color . can you share the color of the perimeter cabinets? is it a “truer” white or does it have cream undertones?
output: is it a“truer”white or does it have cream undertones? i have white shaker cabinets and love the touch of the white and creamy tones. what does that achieve?

input: what are the window dimensions .
target: what are the window dimensions . width and height? thank you!
output: what are the window dimensions. width and height? thank you.

input: any chance you remember the paint color on the white cabinets?
target: cabinet paint color? hi, you did a beautiful job here. any chance you remember the paint color on the white cabinets?
output: any chance you remember the paint color on the white cabinets? i am looking for something just like that. thanks!

input: can you tell me what they are?
target: cabinet hardware . i love the cabinet pulls. can you tell me what they are?
output: i like the lights over dining table. can you tell me what they are? i would like to see them. thanks!

input: can you please tell me what cut is the island, how thick it is and how much is hanging over?
target: island questions!!! i love this kitchen so much!!! can you please tell me what cut is the island, how thick it is and how much is hanging over? thank you!
output: i am about to undergo a kitchen reno this summer and your kitchen is my inspiration. i am being told by are therapists who are not butchery. i am concerned that the knife would chop up the island. can you please tell me what cut is the island, how thick it is and how much is hanging over?

input: what is the surface material and name of this lovely island countertop?
target: what is the surface material and name of this lovely island countertop? such a beautiful kitchen. timeless, relaxed elegance. love!
output: what is the surface material and name of this lovely island countertop? i would like to know the cabinet material used for this project. thank you!

input: what is the backsplash?
target: backsplash . what is the backsplash? it's very pretty!
output: backsplash. what is the backsplash? it's beautiful. thanks

input: what type of wood is the island .
target: what type of wood is the island . love the island colour. what is the wood and stain?
output: what type of wood is the island. love the island colour. what is it?

input: are these oak.and if so do you have the stain color.
target: floor wood and stain? very much like the wood floors. are these oak.and if so do you have the stain color. thank you very much!
output: floor wood and stain? is it stain grout? are these oak. and if so do you have the stain color. thank you

input: would you have the width of the upper cabinets to the left and right of sink?
target: what is the width of the cabinets to the left and right of the sink? hello.thank you for answering my previous question. would you have the width of the upper cabinets to the left and right of sink? 40”, 44”, etc?
output: what is the width of the cabinets to the left and right of the sink? hello. thank you for answering my previous question. would you have the width of the upper cabinets to the left and right of sink? 40”, 44”, etc?

input: can you please share the names of the counter stools and or the fabric on them?
target: lights.stools.counter.paint . love this entire kitchen! it’s beautiful! can you please share the names of the counter stools and or the fabric on them? the paint color on the cabinets? the counter top material and color name? thank you!
output: counter stools. can you please share the names of the counter stools and or the fabric on them? thanks!

input: please share what brand the beautiful kitchen faucets are and where they can be purchased.
target: faucets . please share what brand the beautiful kitchen faucets are and where they can be purchased. thanks!
output: faucets. please share what brand the beautiful kitchen faucets are and where they can be purchased. thanks

input: where can i purchase them?
target: stools . i love these stools and want to purchase them. where can i purchase them?
output: counter stools? who is the manufacturer? where can i purchase them?

input: what color are the white cabinets?
target: cabinet color . we are remodeling our kitchen. what color are the white cabinets? what brand of paint? i also love those bar stools and the covers! where did you get them? thank you!
output: what color are the white cabinets? i love this kitchen! what color are the white cabinets? i love this kitchen!

input: could you please share the height of the lower wall cabinet as well as the glass front one stacked above it?
target: what is the height of the wall cabinets? are those stacked cabinets on the sink wall? could you please share the height of the lower wall cabinet as well as the glass front one stacked above it? thank you.
output: would you please share the height of the lower wall cabinet as well as the glass front one stacked above it? also, what is the height of the wall cabinet? thanks.

input: do you have the company's phone number or website?
target: windows . okay, i'm in shock no one has asked this question yet. the windows. where did you get the windows. do you have the company's phone number or website? they are amazing andamp. beautiful. what are they made of. wood.ect. were they terribly expensive? custom order? any info is appreciated. thank you in advance!
output: windows. okay, i'm in shock no one has asked this question yet. do you have the company's phone number or website? i'm having this made by a custom company. thank you!

input: can you please share the type of wood used for the island and the color of stain?
target: island . can you please share the type of wood used for the island and the color of stain? thank you.
output: island. can you please share the type of wood used for the island and the color of stain? thank you.

input: how tall are the walls?
target: wall height? i love this kitchen. absolutely beautiful. how tall are the walls? (not the ceiling height, since it is sloped). we have 8' tall walls on one side of our kitchen and 10' on the other.
output: wall height? how tall are the walls? and cabinet height?

input: could you tell me where you bought it?
target: little round sink in island . i love that little sink! could you tell me where you bought it? thanks!
output: backsplash. i love the backsplash. could you tell me where you bought it?

input: what is the stain color on floor?
target: flooring . what is the stain color on floor? thanks
output: flooring. what is the stain color on floor? thanks

input: what type of floor is this?
target: floor . what type of floor is this? who is the manufacturer?
output: floor. what type of floor is this? who is the manufacturer?

input: is this something you can/would do?
target: need an appliance corner cabinet . i am looking for a retro fit appliance cabinet for my current red oak kitchen. i have standard raised panel doors (non.full overlay). approximate size 21 w at front. 17.75 high counter to under existing cabinet. 35.5 w at back (along backsplash). 11.75 deep front to back. ideally 2 doors to match above cabinet open toward you then slide back along the angled side panels. or could go with a single door with open toward you then slide back along top of cabinet. i am having these cabinets redone to a bright white using the nhance process so just need it made in red oak material. is this something you can/would do? contact . marge collins (630) 781.5505 or collins20@comcast.net i can send a picture and can also provide more exact dimensions by 1/15/15 as i am currently out of town. thanks so much!
output: need an appliance corner cabinet. i am looking for a retro fit appliance cabinet for my current red oak kitchen. it looks like a modern, but this looks like a modern era. is this something you can/would do? thank you.

input: i am wondering what the dimension of the back wall with the window is as well as the wall with the range.
target: what is the dimention of the your kitchen? i am wondering what the dimension of the back wall with the window is as well as the wall with the range. also, what is the dimension of your island? thank you
output: dimensions of back wall with the window in the kitchen. i am wondering what the dimension of the back wall with the window is as well as the wall with the range. also, what is the dimension of your back wall? it is beautiful. thanks

input: where are these stools from?
target: stools . where are these stools from? please
output: stools. where are these stools from? please

input: where are they from?
target: love lighting pendents!! where are they from? building a house. very hard to find attractive pendents. please email: lyda.sorgini@gmail.com
output: love the floors? where are they from? what type and style?

input: what are they made out of?
target: counter tops? what are they made out of? thanks!
output: counter tops? what are they made out of? thanks!

input: where can i get these bar stools?
target: where can i get these bar stools? i need counter height. and what
output: where can i get these bar stools? thanks. i have a client that loves the bar stools and the overall look. thank you.

input: what is the backsplash tile?
target: backsplash tile? what is the backsplash tile? love this kitchen.
output: backsplash. what is the backsplash tile? and, the dimensions?

input: which light fixtures are these?
target: light fixtures . which light fixtures are these? love them. thank you.
output: light fixtures. which light fixtures are these? love the look of these. thank you.

input: lovely kitchen.what color is the island and what material is the countertop.
target: island and counter . hello! lovely kitchen.what color is the island and what material is the countertop. thanks!
output: island and counter. hello! lovely kitchen. what color is the island and what material is the countertop. thanks!

input: would you be able to share the type of marble, or where it was purchased?
target: backsplash . i love this herringbone backsplash. would you be able to share the type of marble, or where it was purchased? i like that it is fairly uniform in color.
output: backsplash. i love this herringbone backsplash. would you be able to share the type of marble, or where it was purchased? i like that it is fairly uniform in color. thanks

input: can you tell me the name and mfg of the black cabinets?
target: cabinet color . can you tell me the name and mfg of the black cabinets? thanks so much!
output: cabinet black cabinets. can you tell me the name and mfg of the black cabinets? and the banquette is where can i buy them? thanks

input: can you please tell us what the backsplash is made of?
target: backsplash material? can you please tell us what the backsplash is made of? also the countertops. thanks
output: backsplash material? can you please tell us what the backsplash is made of? also the countertops. thanks

input: have been trying to visualize my different choices?
target: how tall and wide is this window? i will be purchasing a window approximately six feet wide and five feet tall for over my sink and also installed to the counter. i have nine foot ceilings. have been trying to visualize my different choices? is this one an anderson window?
output: how tall and wide is this window? i will be purchasing a window approximately six feet wide and five feet tall for over my sink and also, i love the balance of colors! i have read thru and have read no other responses that this window is acceptable. have been trying to visualize my different choices?

input: can you please tell me who makes them?
target: kitchen hardware . hi, i love the cabinet knobs and pulls. can you please tell me who makes them? thanks!
output: who makes the cabinets? can you please tell me who makes them? thanks!

input: where can i get a window made like this one?
target: where can i get a window made like this one? what company made it? thanks.
output: where can i get a window made like this one? what is the name of it? thank you.

input: do you have a picture of the other side of this kitchen?
target: do you have a picture of the other side of this kitchen? also what size is the kitchen? this is gorgeous!!
output: do you have a picture of the other side of this kitchen? also what size is the kitchen? this is beautiful!

input: what is the edge?
target: what is the edge? it looks like 3cm with a laminated 2cm edge. is that correct?
output: what is the edge? it looks like 3cm with a laminated 2cm edge. is that correct?

input: would love to see if these are available for purchase.
target: where are the cabinet pulls from? would love to see if these are available for purchase. love them!
output: where are the cabinet pulls from? would love to see if these are available for purchase. love them!

input: can you please tell me the dimensions of the kitchen and island?
target: dimensions . can you please tell me the dimensions of the kitchen and island? thanks!
output: dimensions. can you please tell me the dimensions of the kitchen and island? thanks!

input: love them all.can you tell me what they are, colors, etc?
target: cabinets, countertop, floor! love them all.can you tell me what they are, colors, etc? thanks!
output: cabinets, countertop, floor! love them all. can you tell me what they are, colors, etc? thanks!

input: where can i find them?
target: vases? they are so unique. where can i find them?
output: this kitchen is to die for: . ) ) especially love these bar stools! ! ! where can i find them?

input: what is the trim color?
target: trim . what is the trim color? i love this kitchen!
output: trim. what is the trim color? i love this kitchen!

input: what is the square footage of this kitchen?
target: square footage . kichen . what is the square footage of this kitchen?
output: square footage. kichen. what is the square footage of this kitchen?

input: can anyone tell me where the lighting was purchased?
target: lighting . can anyone tell me where the lighting was purchased? i love it!
output: lighting. can anyone tell me where the lighting was purchased? i live in lehigh, florida.

input: and are they manufactured or hand.painted?
target: cabinet color . what color are the cabinets? and are they manufactured or hand.painted? thanks!
output: cabinet color. what color are the cabinets? and are they manufactured or hand. painted? thanks!

input: can you tell me what you used for the backsplash in this kitchen?
target: tile backsplash . can you tell me what you used for the backsplash in this kitchen? andgt.) thanks
output: backsplash. can you tell me what you used for the backsplash in this kitchen? andgt. ) thanks

input: can i customize a verselles pattern with 6 sizes?
target: can i customize a verselles pattern with 6 sizes? sizes are 18x18. 16x16. 24x16. 16x8. please help. does anyone have sample patterns.
output: can i customize a verselles pattern with 6 sizes? sizes are 18x18.16x16.24x16.16. please help. does anyone have sample patterns?

input: it is just charming and i would love to see how you've incorporated the appliances.
target: more photos of this kitchen? can you tell me if you have any other pictures of this kitchen? it is just charming and i would love to see how you've incorporated the appliances. thank you!
output: more photos of this kitchen? can you tell me if you have any other pictures of this kitchen? it is just charming and i would love to see how you've incorporated the appliances. thank you!

input: what are the dimentions of the island?
target: island . what are the dimentions of the island? this kitchen is beautiful!
output: island. what are the dimentions of the island? this kitchen is beautiful!

input: can you tell me where to find this pattern or one similar?
target: what pattern did you use for the valance? i would like to use a similar style of valance for my kitchen window. can you tell me where to find this pattern or one similar?
output: what pattern did you use for the valance? i would like to use a similar style of valance for my kitchen window. can you tell me where to find this pattern or one similar?

input: did we win ?
target: did we win ? thanks we will be very happy to host your remodeling specialists. pam and rick
output: did we win? thanks we will be very happy to host your remodeling specialists. pam and rick

input: would you be so kind to let me in on the color of cabinets, walls, ceiling, trim, anything?
target: would you be so kind to let me in on the color of cabinets, walls, ceiling, trim, anything? i love the creamy tone of this entire space! i would appreciate it so very much. thank you!
output: would you be so kind to let me in on the color of cabinets, walls, ceiling, trim, anything? i love the creamy tone of this entire space! i would appreciate it so very much. thank you!

input: in my kit remodel, will have cream tone cabinets, struggling with color of stone.white marble, emperador marble, granite, etc?
target: i love the cream tones, what type of counter did you use? in my kit remodel, will have cream tone cabinets, struggling with color of stone.white marble, emperador marble, granite, etc? yours looks lovely
output: i love the cream tones, what is the color? in my kit remodel, will have cream tone cabinets, struggling with color of stone. white marble, emperador marble, granite, etc? yours looks lovely

input: where can i find it?
target: love the fabric used for the valence. where can i find it? thanks so much!
output: love the pot rack! where can i find it? thanks.

input: would you happen to know the width of the kitchen?
target: kitchen . would you happen to know the width of the kitchen? we really like it and would like to do something in our house just not sure it is wide enough.
output: kitchen dimensions. this house is stunning! i love the layout and scale of the kitchen. would you happen to know the width of the kitchen? i love how it goes with the room space.

input: can you please share where these are from?
target: where are the stools from? love the stools. can you please share where these are from? thank you.
output: great chairs! can you please share where these are from? thank you.

input: are these modules available for mix and match designing spaces.
target: custom built or modular storage . are these modules available for mix and match designing spaces. i think they're jus awesom.
output: custom built or modular storage. are these modules available for mix and match designing spaces. i think they're jus awesom.

input: can you share what the dimensions of this pantry are?
target: dimensionsof this room? and color of cabinets? can you share what the dimensions of this pantry are? i love everything about it! also can you share the color of cabinets?
output: dimensionsof this room? and color of cabinets? can you share what the dimensions of this pantry are? i love everything about it! also can you share the color of cabinets? thank you!

input: where can they be purchased?
target: chandeliers . who makes them? where can they be purchased?
output: countertops. who makes them? where can they be purchased?

input: can you make it that big without having a splice?
target: island top . what is the island top made of? what size is this island? can you make it that big without having a splice?
output: island top. what is the island top made of? what size is this island? can you make it that big without having a splice?

input: is that a secret door i see?
target: is that a secret door i see? on the wall of cabinets there is a door opening out. please explain what that is!
output: is that a secret door i see? on the wall of cabinets there is a door opening out. please explain what that is!

input: what is the make and model of the hood?who is the maker?
target: want to find out who makes the hood? what is the make and model of the hood?who is the maker? thanks
output: hood. what is the make and model of the hood? who is the maker? thanks!

input: i was wondering where to gwt some more because i need some to fill where some broke.
target: back splash brick . i have a kitchen with thin brick as a backsplash. i was wondering where to gwt some more because i need some to fill where some broke.
output: back splash tile. i have a kitchen with thin glass and glass counters. i was wondering where to gwt some more because i need some to fill where some broke.

input: which i'm shedding some light regarding the bertazzoni range?
target: range . which i'm shedding some light regarding the bertazzoni range? on the website it looks very yellow, but here it looks like a lovely off.white. which would you say is more accurate?
output: this is a magnificent kitchen! which i'm shedding some light regarding the bertazzoni range? on the website it looks very similar to this picture, correct?

input: what brand is the oven and hood?
target: oven/vent hood . what brand is the oven and hood? love the look!
output: what brand is the oven and hood? what brand is the oven and hood? love the look!

input: how much is it cost and can you do it or send to poland, warsaw?
target: top leanth 4,2 m . i wish to have top ss steel for kitchen. how much is it cost and can you do it or send to poland, warsaw? best regards katia
output: top leanth 4, 2 m. i wish to have top ss steel for kitchen. how much is it cost and can you do it or send to poland, warsaw? best regards katia

input: how much is it cost and can you do it or send to poland, warsaw?
target: top leanth 4,2 m . i wish to have top ss steel for kitchen. how much is it cost and can you do it or send to poland, warsaw? best regards katia
output: top leanth 4, 2 m. i wish to have top ss steel for kitchen. how much is it cost and can you do it or send to poland, warsaw? best regards katia

input: how much is it cost and can you do it or send to poland, warsaw?
target: top leanth 4,2 m . i wish to have top ss steel for kitchen. how much is it cost and can you do it or send to poland, warsaw? best regards katia
output: top leanth 4, 2 m. i wish to have top ss steel for kitchen. how much is it cost and can you do it or send to poland, warsaw? best regards katia

input: how much is it cost and can you do it or send to poland, warsaw?
target: top leanth 4,2 m . i wish to have top ss steel for kitchen. how much is it cost and can you do it or send to poland, warsaw? best regards katia
output: top leanth 4, 2 m. i wish to have top ss steel for kitchen. how much is it cost and can you do it or send to poland, warsaw? best regards katia

input: what is best sealant that doesn't yellow but won't ruin the texture?
target: brick . even with a sealant, is brick hard to clean ? what is best sealant that doesn't yellow but won't ruin the texture?
output: brick. even with a sealant, is brick hard to clean? what is best sealant that doesn't yellow but won't ruin the texture?

input: are the stainless steel countertops good for long.term use?
target: stainless steel countertops . love this idea. are the stainless steel countertops good for long.term use? do they hold up from normal counter use? i would be so protective, afraid of scratching up and still use my cut boards, etc.
output: stainless steel countertops. are the stainless steel countertops good for long. term use? do they hold up from normal counter use? i would like to know if this is acceptable to me in my own kitchen. thanks!

input: can you share your resource?
target: great woven roman shade. can you share your resource? thank you.
output: great woven roman shade. can you share your resource? thank you.

input: i'm not sure where the answer is posted but i swear i've looked at all your pics now and can't find the answer.
target: can't find oven answer . i'm not sure where the answer is posted but i swear i've looked at all your pics now and can't find the answer. can you please state the oven brand or tag it?
output: where can i find the answer? i'm not sure where the answer is posted but i swear i've looked at all your pics now and can't find the answer. can you please state the countertop?

input: hi could you please tell me what brand the stove is and where to find it?
target: stove brand or location. hi could you please tell me what brand the stove is and where to find it? thank you!
output: stove brand or location. hi could you please tell me what brand the stove is and where to find it? thank you!

input: i am so sorry but i can't find the answer to the color of the brick question?
target: i am so sorry but i can't find the answer to the color of the brick q . i am so sorry but i can't find the answer to the color of the brick question? what color? what brick?
output: i am so sorry but i can't find the answer to the color of the brick q. i am so sorry but i can't find the answer to the color of the brick question? what color? what brick?

input: do you think i made a right choice?
target: backsplash and granite top . i've already made a selection for the kitchen, white cabinets, light counter top and mosaic backsplash. do you think i made a right choice? i also need some tips on draperies for this room but not sure which colour to get. needs some tips, think i'm getting lost.
output: i'm in love with this kitchen! i'm in love with the designer, and i'm making a right choice. do you think i made a right choice? i'm a huge fan of all the major houses, and i'm having one in my kitchen. this is perfect!

input: would you mind sharing the details of the lighting above the window?
target: lighting . would you mind sharing the details of the lighting above the window? thanks
output: lighting. would you mind sharing the details of the lighting above the window? thanks!

input: what is under the window?
target: window . what is under the window? a low sink?
output: what is under the window? looks like a compost window. thanks!

input: what is the color used on the cabnets?
target: what is the color used on the cabnets? it's exactly the look i'm after. what is the color used on the cabnets. it's exactly the look i'm after.
output: what is the color used on the cabnets? it's beautiful! what is the color used on the cabnets? thank you!

input: can anyone tell me where i can get this exact brick.
target: brick . can anyone tell me where i can get this exact brick. love it jshanebrook@yahoo.com
output: brick. can anyone tell me where i can get this exact brick. love it jshanebrook@ yahoo. com

input: could you tell me where i can purchase the cabinet handles.
target: cabinet handles . could you tell me where i can purchase the cabinet handles. thanks
output: cabinet handles. could you tell me where i can purchase the cabinet handles. thanks

input: what is the make and model of the range and hood?
target: range/hood . love this! what is the make and model of the range and hood? thank you.)
output: range/hood. love this! what is the make and model of the range and hood? what is the make and model of the range and hood? overall, comfortable and functional.

input: how do u like the stainless steel countertops?
target: counter tops . how do u like the stainless steel countertops? do they scratch easy?
output: countertops. how do u like the stainless steel countertops? do they scratch easy?

input: how would grease/stains affect the backsplash?
target: i absolutely love everything about this photo especially the backsplash. how would grease/stains affect the backsplash? is is specially treated?
output: i like the backsplash. how would grease/stains affect the backsplash? is is a seal? or paint?

input: where can i purchase them, who makes them.
target: what company makes the wall tiles . i love the wall tiles. the pickets are simply beautiful. where can i purchase them, who makes them. i'd love to know.
output: who makes the wall tiles. i love the wall tiles. where can i purchase them, who makes them. i also want to know the make and model of the wall tiles. thank you.

input: would like to know the name of the granite.
target: granite color? would like to know the name of the granite. it's stunning . thanks
output: granite color? would like to know the name of the granite. it's stunning. thanks

input: would you please share the vendor for the lighting over the island?
target: gorgeous! would you please share the vendor of lighting over island . gorgeous kitchen! would you please share the vendor for the lighting over the island? thanks so much.
output: gorgeous! would you please share the vendor for the lighting over the island? thanks!

input: what is the name of the company that made the cabinets and the style number or name?
target: i love the cabinets . what is the name of the company that made the cabinets and the style number or name? thank you
output: cabinets. what is the name of the company that made the cabinets and the style number or name? thanks

input: was the range hood a custom piece or is it available through a merchant?
target: we love the range hood!! was the range hood a custom piece or is it available through a merchant? thank you!
output: love the range hood! where can it be purchased? was the range hood a custom piece or is it available through a merchant? thank you!

input: is what’s the sheen on the walls and ceiling?
target: questions on wall/ceiling color . you mentioned that the entire house was painted the same color with the exception of the dinning room. is what’s the sheen on the walls and ceiling?
output: is what’s the sheen on the walls and ceiling? thanks.

input: was this same color carried throughout the house?
target: wall paint/ project paint color . what is the kitchen wall paint color? was this same color carried throughout the house?
output: wall paint/stain. what is the wall paint color? was this same color carried throughout the house?

input: info on the barstools?
target: barstool info ? i found these before but can’t find that answer again. info on the barstools?
output: barstools. info on the barstools? thank you.

input: can you tell me the color of the island and range hood?
target: color of island and range hood . can you tell me the color of the island and range hood? it looks black but in one picture the island looks blue.
output: color of island and range hood. can you tell me the color of the island and range hood? it's beautiful!

input: could you tell me the flooring used in this kitchen, please.
target: could you tell me the flooring used in this kitchen, please. thanks . could you tell me the flooring used in this kitchen please?
output: could you tell me the flooring used in this kitchen, please. thanks. your kitchen is beautiful.

input: could you tell me what type of lighting is used on the inside of the glass.front cabinets.
target: lighting inside cabinets . could you tell me what type of lighting is used on the inside of the glass.front cabinets. i assume the inside of cabinets are painted same white with glass shelving(?)
output: lighting inside cabinets. could you tell me what type of lighting is used on the inside of the glass. front cabinets. i have a 48" stainless apron front cabinets. i am putting in alder cabinets and would like to match a 9" wall of glass and would like to match a 2x6 tile or any other way of putting it. thank you

input: also did you use sanded or up sanded light pewter grout?
target: grout grid line size . what is the size of the grout lines? 1/8th? also did you use sanded or up sanded light pewter grout?
output: grout grid line size. what is the size of the grout lines? 1/8th? also did you use sanded or up sanded light pewter grout?

input: what is the finish of the dark wood island?
target: cab wood color . what is the finish of the dark wood island? is there a cabinet brand name?
output: cab wood color. what is the finish of the dark wood island? is there a cabinet brand name?

input: are these wood or tiles or some other material?
target: can i please get information on the floors? i love the floors. are these wood or tiles or some other material? also, the color, please. thank you so much. both my husband and myself love this. thank you.
output: can i please get information on the floors? i love the floors. are these wood or tiles or some other material? also, the color, please. thank you.

input: are the white cabinet doors mdf or all wood?
target: white cabinets . are the white cabinet doors mdf or all wood? i'm going with white cabinets in my kitchen and prefer a painted wood, but have been told numerous times about mdf. thoughts? thanks!
output: white cabinets. are the white cabinet doors mdf or all wood? i'm going with white cabinets in my kitchen and prefer a painted wood, but have been told numerous times about mdf. thoughts? thanks!

input: i can not tell you enough how much i enjoy your style.
target: comment . i can not tell you enough how much i enjoy your style. there is not a room or entire project that you have done that i have not liked! so beautiful classy but fun at the same time. i really strive to decorate the way you do!
output: i can not tell you enough how much i enjoy your style. i am trying to decide between a best and a" cabinet" . i would like to use a" gray tone" vs dark gray cabinets. this is my favorite kitchen. thanks!

input: what have you put behind cooktop if there is one tying into existing?
target: what have you put behind cooktop if there is one tying into existing? i love how you used tile and beadboard. i'm wondering how you used this in the rest of the kitchen.
output: what have you put behind cooktop if there is one tying into existing? i love how you used tile and beadboard. i'm wondering how you got this look. thank you!

input: can you tell me the color used to paint the cabinets?
target: hidden homestead . beautiful cabinets. can you tell me the color used to paint the cabinets? there are so many shades of white! thanks
output: cabinet paint color. can you tell me the color used to paint the cabinets? thank you

input: could you please provide the cabinet maker contact information.
target: cabinet maker contact information? hi i'm in fort lauderdale. could you please provide the cabinet maker contact information. also, are you local? don't recognize the area code in your contact info.
output: cabinet maker contact information? hi this is a gorgeous living space. could you please provide the cabinet maker contact information. thanks.

input: can you tell me the name brand and the color?
target: need help with my kitchen . hello. i love your counter top. can you tell me the name brand and the color? also, what is the paint color on the wall? thank you.
output: need help with my kitchen. hello. i love your counter top. can you tell me the name brand and the color? thank you.

input: faucet?
target: faucet? looks like a match for the 1940's era find i'll be using. thanks!
output: faucet? thank you for your help. love the faucet. where can i find it?

input: who makes it?
target: sweet kitchen. looks like a smallish farmhouse sink. who makes it?
output: love the lantern. who makes it? thanks!

input: what is the name and brand of the white paint on the cabinets?
target: paint of cabinets . what is the name and brand of the white paint on the cabinets? thanks
output: paint of cabinets. what is the name and brand of the white paint on the cabinets? thank you

input: can you please tell me about this sink?
target: sink . can you please tell me about this sink? manufacturer? dimensions?
output: sink. can you please tell me about this sink? manufacturer? dimensions?

input: what type of wood and stain were used?
target: beams . kind of wood and stain used please? love the beams . what type of wood and stain were used?
output: what type of wood and stain were used? this is a beautiful kitchen! what type of wood and stain were used?

input: what is the island countertop?
target: island . what is the island countertop? beautiful! thanks in advance for sharing!
output: island. what is the island countertop? is it an undercabinet? thanks!

input: can you please share the technique used for the island?
target: island . can you please share the technique used for the island? just shiplap? love this kitchen!
output: island. can you please share the technique used for the island? this kitchen is stunning!

input: could you please share the ceiling height?
target: ceilings . could you please share the ceiling height? thanks!
output: ceilings. could you please share the ceiling height? thanks!

input: could you confirm what kind of wood this is and the type of cut (ie.
target: love the floors! you made reference to the finish on these floors in a previous note. could you confirm what kind of wood this is and the type of cut (ie. white oak, riftandamp.quarter or live sawn)? thanks!
output: love the floors! you did a fantastic job with this kitchen! could you confirm what kind of wood this is and the type of cut(ie. white oak, riftandamp. quarter or live sawn) ? thank you!

input: can you share the name of the designer?
target: can you share the name of the designer? this is an amazing kitchen for this layout. i would love to get in touch with this architect/designer.
output: can you share the name of the designer? this is an amazing kitchen for this layout. i would love to get in touch with this architect/designer.

input: can you tell me the dimensions of the ceiling beams?
target: beams . gorgeous work! can you tell me the dimensions of the ceiling beams?
output: beams. can you tell me the dimensions of the ceiling beams? they are dimensions. thank you

input: can you tell me about the flooring?
target: flooring . flooring? can you tell me about the flooring?
output: flooring. can you tell me about the flooring? is it wood or lvt?

input: can you share the cabinet color please
target: cabinet color? fantastic kitchen! can you share the cabinet color please
output: cabinet color? fantastic kitchen! can you share the cabinet color please

input: can you share the surfaces please.
target: counters . hi, beautiful counter combo. can you share the surfaces please.
output: counters. hi, beautiful counter combo. can you share the surfaces please.

input: what is the paint color used for the island?
target: color of island . love the kitchen. what is the paint color used for the island?
output: color of island. love the kitchen. what is the paint color used for the island?

input: is floor wood or tile?
target: is floor wood or tile? brand name? so pretty
output: floor wood or tile? brand name? so pretty

input: could you kindly share the cabinet hardware name and style?
target: cabinet hardware . could you kindly share the cabinet hardware name and style? thanks!
output: cabinet hardware. could you kindly share the cabinet hardware name and style? thanks!

input: what so the counters / island made from?
target: counter . what so the counters / island made from? quartz or marble. also the name please
output: counter. what so the counters/island made from? quartz or marble. also the name please

input: i have seen these light before, but can't find them for sale anywhere.
target: the lights are awesome! i have seen these light before, but can't find them for sale anywhere. help please! thanks
output: the lights are awesome! i have seen these light before, but can't find them for sale anywhere. help please! thanks

input: can you tell me ceiling height and cabinet height on either side or range hood?
target: ceiling and cabinet height . can you tell me ceiling height and cabinet height on either side or range hood? thanks!
output: ceiling and cabinet height. can you tell me ceiling height and cabinet height on either side or range hood? thanks!

input: where can i source them?
target: pendant lighting . hello! live the pendants! where can i source them?
output: pendant lighting. hello! live the pendants! where can i source them?

input: what type of flooring is this?
target: floor type.kind and color? what type of flooring is this? engineered or solid? brand? stain/color? thank you!
output: floor type. what type of flooring is this? what is the stain color?

input: can you let me know the manufacturer?
target: light fixture . love that light fixture! can you let me know the manufacturer? thank you!
output: light fixture. love that light fixture! can you let me know the manufacturer? thank you!

input: my concern for using porcelain with strong veining is that if the veining on the countertop and backsplash do not line up, will the finished product look "pieced together"?
target: countertop/backsplash . does the same veining continue from the backsplash to the countertop, or does it stop at the seam? my concern for using porcelain with strong veining is that if the veining on the countertop and backsplash do not line up, will the finished product look "pieced together"? we are giving serious consideration to using porcelain slabs for our kitchen remodel, but it is a relatively new concept and it is hard to find answers for questions about it. however, i love the idea of minimal seams, and it gives such an updated clean look to the kitchen. this is a beautiful kitchen, and it is my favorite photo of porcelain countertop/backsplash design in houzz. thanks in advance for any insight you can offer.
output: countertop/backsplash. does the same veining continue from the backsplash to the countertop, or does it stop at the seam? my concern for using porcelain with strong veining is that if the veining on the countertop and backsplash do not line up, will the finished product look" pieced together" ? we are giving serious consideration to using porcelain slabs for

input: hello, i am having a horrible time trying to find a reputable contractor in the woodlands, is there anyone you can suggest?
target: what contractors did you use in houston? hello, i am having a horrible time trying to find a reputable contractor in the woodlands, is there anyone you can suggest? the design is absolutely beautiful but i'm sure yo also have very good contractors and any help would be greatly greatly appreciated. thank you in advance.
output: is there a reputable contractor in the woodlands, is there anyone you can suggest? hello, i am having a horrible time trying to find a reputable contractor in the woodlands, is there anyone you can suggest? if there is a reputable contractor in the woodlands, is there anyone you could suggest? that's the best option i'm looking for! thanks

input: where did you hide all of the outlets and switches?
target: outlets and switches . gorgeous kitchen! where did you hide all of the outlets and switches? i don't see any above the countertops. are they built into the uppers?
output: outlets and switches. where did you hide all of the outlets and switches? i like the angled front

input: what is the ceiling color?
target: what is the ceiling color? what is the ceiling color? i have an arts and crafts style beach home and i don't know if i should paint the wood cross panels or leaver them dark. any suggestions?
output: what is the ceiling color? what is the ceiling color? i have an arts and crafts style beach home and i don't know if i should paint the wood cross panels or leaver them dark. any suggestions?

input: may i have the wall color and cabinet color, please?
target: may i have the wall color and cabinet color, please? love the warmth of this room. great response to the question about the countertops, thanks!
output: may i have the wall color and cabinet color, please? love the warmth of this room. great response to the question about the countertops, thanks!

input: paper towel with books and cherios?
target: mix . paper towel with books and cherios? im not sure if i would like that in my house.
output: mix. paper towel with books and cherios? im not sure if i would like that in my house. thanks.

input: of room and shelves?
target: dimensions . of room and shelves? thanks
output: dimensions and shelves. of room and shelves? thank you.

input: what type of floors are these?
target: wood floors . what type of floors are these? color?
output: floors. what type of floors are these? color?

input: what are the dimensions of this pantry?
target: perfect! what are the dimensions of this pantry? thank you!
output: what are the dimensions of this pantry? width and depth and height? thank you!

input: what tile is used for the backsplash?
target: what tile is used for the backsplash? dimensions? really like the backsplash but not so much with the counter. we are going with a steel gray granite counter top.
output: backsplash tile. what tile is used for the backsplash? where can it be purchased?

input: what color is the grout color?
target: grout color . what color is the grout color? and what brand please?
output: grout color. what color is the grout color? and what is the edge finish?

input: with time it gets greasy and dirty.or it just depends on the cleaner u're using?
target: white kitchen . is white cabinet finish easy to take care of? with time it gets greasy and dirty.or it just depends on the cleaner u're using?
output: is there a product on the floor? with time it gets greasy and dirty. or it just depends on the cleaner u're using?

input: would you mind sharing the kitchen dimensions?
target: kitchen dimesions . would you mind sharing the kitchen dimensions? very pretty kitchen!
output: kitchen dimensions. would you mind sharing the kitchen dimensions? this is the greatest kitchen on houzz!

input: info on the door hinges?
target: info on the door hinges? thank you. info on the door hinges? thank you.
output: info on the door hinges? thank you. info on the door hinges? thank you.

input: can you share the cabinet color?
target: cabinet color . can you share the cabinet color? lovely kitchen!
output: what is the cabinet color? can you share the cabinet color? thank you!

input: gray or more tan to pull out the creams to match the countertop?
target: love the carrara with a creamy top. did you do a gray grout or does it . looking for color of grout! gray or more tan to pull out the creams to match the countertop?
output: what is the pr. what color is the pr. gray or more tan to pull out the creams to match the countertop?

input: what is the granite?
target: granite color? love the granite with floor. what is the granite?
output: what is the granite? i would like to know the color of the cabinets. thank you.

input: do you know the item number on the chandelier?
target: do you know the item number on the chandelier? i would like to know the item number on the chandelier, please! it's beautiful!
output: do you know the item number on the chandelier? i would like to know the item number on the chandelier, please! it's beautiful!

input: is it hard to take care of?
target: copper sink?? has has this sink lasted? does it stain? is it hard to take care of?
output: copper sink? ? has has this sink lasted? does it stain? is it hard to take care of?

input: is the hood made out of wood?
target: so beautiful! is the hood made out of wood? is the hood made out of wood?
output: is the hood made out of wood? is the hood made out of wood? what finish is it?

input: house plan we could see?
target: this is the most beautiful kitchen i've ever seen!!! do you have the . house plan we could see? you are an amazing builder!
output: this is the most beautiful kitchen i've ever seen! ! ! do you have any plans for this kitchen? we are building a home and i love everything, and i'm looking for that color. what do i tell my marvin rep that i want? house plan we could see?

input: what exactly is the back splash minus mosaic?
target: back splash . what exactly is the back splash minus mosaic? just white, and white size/brand?
output: back splash. what exactly is the back splash minus mosaic? just white, and white size/brand?

input: where are they from?
target: bar stools . where are they from? great kitchen
output: love the floors? where are they from? what type and style?

input: would consider it as an alternative to the typical oil rubbed bronze/copper pairing.
target: are the cabinet hardware and the faucet chrome? interested in how the chrome looked with the copper sink. would consider it as an alternative to the typical oil rubbed bronze/copper pairing.
output: is there a product between the stainless sinks and the kitchen sink. would consider it as an alternative to the typical oil rubbed bronze/copper pairing. what is the approximate value of kc.

input: i adore this kitchen and would love to see more photos how it connects to the rest of the home.
target: i adore this kitchen . i adore this kitchen and would love to see more photos how it connects to the rest of the home. are there any more on houzz? i only see two. where are you based out of?
output: i adore this kitchen. i adore this kitchen and would love to see more photos how it connects to the rest of the home. are there any more on houzz? i only see two. where are you based out of?

input: what type of wood is the island made of?
target: island material . what type of wood is the island made of? is it multiple planks laminated? thanks for the info.
output: island material. what type of wood is the island made of? looks like some natural grayish stone? thanks!

input: would enjoy knowing how big the island is.
target: dimensions of the island please!! would enjoy knowing how big the island is. we may build the same style in our new kitchen!
output: dimensions of the island please! ! would enjoy knowing how big the island is. we may build and thank you for your prompt replies

input: where is the light fixture from?
target: chandelier . lovely kitchen. where is the light fixture from?
output: where is the light fixture from? what are the dimensions? i have a client that just loves this kitchen!

input: what is the material on the vent hood ?
target: vent hood. what is the material on the vent hood ? metal or stained wood ? how was it made ?
output: vent hood. what is the material on the vent hood? is it an under cabinet vent?

input: where is the chandlier from?
target: where is the chandlier from? it is a beautiful kitchen. thank you.
output: where is the chandlier from? it is a beautiful kitchen. thank you.

input: what is the color of the hood?
target: color of the hood . what is the color of the hood? thanks
output: color of the hood? what is the color of the hood? thanks

input: which brand is the lighting fixture?
target: which brand is the lighting fixture? i love the lighting fixture. where is it from? thank you!
output: which brand is the lighting fixture? i love the lighting fixture. where is it from? thank you!

input: who makes this faucet?
target: faucet. who makes this faucet? where can i find it?
output: faucet. who makes this faucet? where can i find it?

input: what floors (color and company) are they?
target: the floors are gorgeous! what floors (color and company) are they? what floors are in the kitchen?
output: the floors are gorgeous! what floors(color and company) are they? what floors are in the kitchen?

input: what is the paint color of the island?
target: paint color of the island? what is the paint color of the island? thanks!
output: island. what is the paint color of the island? thanks.

input: i seen your island is a custom stain, i'm just wondering what type of wood it is?
target: what type of wood is island cabinets? i seen your island is a custom stain, i'm just wondering what type of wood it is? gorgeous kitchen!
output: floors. i seen your island is a custom stain, i'm just wondering what type of wood it is? i seen your island is a custom stain, i'm just wondering what type of wood it is?

input: this is lovely, what are the floors and the stain used?
target: what are the floors? hardwood? stain? thank you. this is lovely, what are the floors and the stain used?
output: what are the floors? hardwood? stain? thank you. this is lovely, what are the floors and the stain used?

input: what is the manufacturer of the chandeliers?
target: light fixture . what is the manufacturer of the chandeliers? very pretty! thank you!
output: light fixture. what is the manufacturer of the chandeliers? thank you.

input: what is the name/type of backsplash used here?
target: tile backsplash . name? what is the name/type of backsplash used here?
output: tile backsplash. name? what is the name/type of backsplash used here?

input: would like the counters to work.
target: butcher block . love the kitchen . will you please share info on the butcher block . it looks like pine . but is it maple? i have pine beams and a pine floor . would like the counters to work. thank you!!
output: butcher block. love the butcher block. will it be easy? will it be easy? will it be available for purchase? will it be available for purchase. will it work great. will it work great.

input: what is width of shelving above desk and width of adjacent cabinet?
target: what is width of shelving above desk and width of adjacent cabinet? i love the desk area! would like to see if it would fit in my kitchen . as well as the cabinet adjacent to desk.
output: what is width of shelving above desk and width of adjacent cabinet? i have a divided desk that seats 8. and the two adjacent cabinets. i am having one made of pvc. it's difficult finding seating in these cramped spaces. thanks!

input: can give some info?
target: love the hex tile floors . can give some info? are they encaustic?
output: love the hex tile floors. can give some info? are they encaustic?

input: could you tell me the color of island?
target: could you tell me the color of island? very pretty. we are remodeling and i’m trying to find my island color. i think this color would be nice in the bathrooms as well.
output: could you tell me the color of island? and cabinet color. thank you.

input: could you please tell me the width of the aisle between the island and perimeter cabinets, and the island and wall behind it?
target: width . hello. could you please tell me the width of the aisle between the island and perimeter cabinets, and the island and wall behind it? and if possible, island dimensions/overhang? thank you!
output: width. hello. could you please tell me the width of the aisle between the island and perimeter cabinets, and the island and wall behind it? and if possible, island dimensions/overhang? thank you!

input: what is the square footage of this home?
target: love the layout . what is the square footage of this home? thank you
output: love the layout. what is the square footage of this home? thank you

input: where are they from?
target: i love the chandeliers. where are they from? love the chandeliers. where are they from?
output: love the floors? where are they from? what type and style?

input: can you tell us what paint colors are used in this kitchen?
target: tearing our hair out picking out paint colors . can you tell us what paint colors are used in this kitchen? thankyou
output: our new kitchen. can you tell us what paint colors are used in this kitchen? what is the paint color?

input: could you share the brand of the hardware used?
target: beautiful! can you share the brand of the hardware? could you share the brand of the hardware used?
output: could you share the brand of the hardware used? this is a great kitchen for this layout. thank you.

input: what is the stone and size?
target: backsplash . what is the stone and size? thanks in advance!
output: backsplash. what is the stone and size? thanks in advance.

input: do you happen to know: is this a red oak floor?
target: the floor . in addition to everything else, i really admire the floor. do you happen to know: is this a red oak floor? what stain was used?
output: the floor. in addition to everything else, i really admire the floor. do you happen to know: is this a red oak floor? what stain was used?

input: was the fridge placed in the pantry for flow or just to increase space in the kitchen?
target: nicholson builders has very patiently answered the same question. the shelving is from the container store. thank you nb! hopefully it won't be asked again. i did look for answer to my question, but couldn't find it. i'd like to know the approximate square footage and the decision to put the fridge in the pantry. was the fridge placed in the pantry for flow or just to increase space in the kitchen? or is there another reason? it's a unique idea.
output: fridge and wall space. was the fridge placed in the pantry for flow or just to increase space in the kitchen? this is a beautiful kitchen. thank you.

input: where can i get them?
target: love the baskets on the wall. where can i get them? thank you.
output: counter stools? who makes them? where can i get them?

input: can you share the finish and source of the cabinet pulls and knobs?
target: cabinet hardware? hi there, what a fun design! can you share the finish and source of the cabinet pulls and knobs? thank you!
output: cabinet hardware? and cabinet hardware? can you share the finish and source of the cabinet pulls and knobs? thank you!

input: may i inquire where you found the cute stools?
target: kitchen stools . may i inquire where you found the cute stools? thanks!
output: kitchen stools. may i inquire where you found the cute stools? thanks!

input: which company and what wood species and stain are they.
target: floors . love the floors. which company and what wood species and stain are they. thank you
output: floors. love the floors. which company and what wood species and stain are they. thank you

input: what is the island color please?
target: island color please . gorgeous kitchen! what is the island color please?
output: island color please. gorgeous kitchen! what is the island color please?

input: what is the countertop?
target: countertop . what is the countertop? make? name?
output: countertop. what is the countertop? and cabinet color?

input: would you mind sharing where they're from and what they're called?
target: stools . the stools are adorable! would you mind sharing where they're from and what they're called?
output: stools. the stools are adorable! would you mind sharing where they're from and what they're called?

input: are those cabinets painted or stained?
target: cabinet color . are those cabinets painted or stained? what is the color?
output: cabinet color. are those cabinets painted or stained? what is the color?

input: what is the paint brand and color on the cabinets?
target: paint color and brand . what is the paint brand and color on the cabinets? thank you!
output: paint color and brand. what is the paint brand and color on the cabinets? thank you!

input: where can you get the subway tile?
target: subway tile . where can you get the subway tile? what is the color and size? thank you,
output: subway tile. where can you get the subway tile? what is the color and size? thank you

input: can you tell me the inches of the cabinet hardware.
target: cabinet hardware . can you tell me the inches of the cabinet hardware. is it 6 1/2 inch or 5
output: cabinet hardware. can you tell me the inches of the cabinet hardware. is it 6 1/2 inch or 5

input: where can we get more information on the light fixtures?
target: where can we get more information on the light fixtures? thank you. the adjustable light fixtures directly over the kitchen. we have a similar ceiling and are looking for something pretty much just like that. thank you.
output: where can we get more information on the light fixtures? thank you. the adjustable light fixtures directly over the kitchen. we have a similar ceiling and are looking for something just like that. thank you.

input: hello, what type or brand of paint did you use for the cabinets?
target: cabinet paint . hello, what type or brand of paint did you use for the cabinets? was a primer used as well? thanks
output: cabinets. hello, what type or brand of paint did you use for the cabinets? the cabinets? all white and everything under the counter. thanks!

input: i like this faucet and spray was wondering what sink you used with it.
target: what is the name of your sink? thanks . i like this faucet and spray was wondering what sink you used with it.
output: what is the name of your sink? thanks. i like this faucet and spray was wondering what sink you used with it.

input: is there a photo for the rest of the kitchen?
target: photo . is there a photo for the rest of the kitchen? and what are the dimensions on the room?
output: photo. is there a photo for the rest of the kitchen? and what is the size of the photo?

input: can you please tell me how much space is between the island and the other counter space?
target: aisle width? can you please tell me how much space is between the island and the other counter space? and on the fridge/pantry side? thank you!
output: aisle width? this is beautiful! can you please tell me how much space is between the island and the other counter space?

input: can you please tell me the name of your color consultant?
target: color consultant . can you please tell me the name of your color consultant? i live in the bay area. thanks.
output: color consultant. can you please tell me the name of your color consultant? i live in the bay area. thanks.

input: what brand is the set up here?
target: matching faucet and filtered water dispenser . i am having a heck of a time finding a decent faucet andamp. cold water dispenser that matches. what brand is the set up here?
output: matching faucet and filtered water dispenser. i am having a heck of a time finding a decent faucet andamp. cold water dispenser that matches. what brand is the set up here?

input: if so with what type of material.
target: did they stain the ceiling? if so with what type of material. thanks
output: did they stain the ceiling? if so with what type of material. thanks

input: hi, is the butcher block built in or customized to fit on top?
target: butcher block . hi, is the butcher block built in or customized to fit on top? thanks!
output: butcher block. hi, is the butcher block built in or customized to fit on top? thanks!

input: i'm currently thinking of remodeling my house and i wanted to get an idea of how much it would cost.
target: how much did it cost for everything (not including appliences or dishes)? i'm currently thinking of remodeling my house and i wanted to get an idea of how much it would cost. i really love this kitchen!
output: how much did it cost for everything(not including appliences or dishes) ? i'm currently thinking of remodeling my house and i wanted to get an idea of how much it would cost. i really love this kitchen!

input: still wondering what the colors are, looks like a lot of people asked, but there is no answer?
target: cabinet colors?? still wondering what the colors are, looks like a lot of people asked, but there is no answer? thanks!
output: what colors are in the kitchen? i am going to install green cabinets. i am going for green granite. my cabinets are painted same as this and are they painted bm acadiana. my cabinets are painted same as this. still wondering what the colors are, looks like a lot of people asked, but there is no answer?

input: countertop and cupboard manufacturer?
target: countertop and cupboard manufacturer? is this a soapstone countertop? love it! also, cabinet maker andamp. color?? thanks.
output: countertop and cupboard manufacturer? is this a soapstone countertop? love it! also, cabinet maker andamp. color? ? thanks.

input: however, what type/finish was used on these cabinets?
target: paint finish . i am in process of replacing kitchen cabinets and i want a painted finiish. an oil.based (enameled) paint in a matte finish was recommended for keeping clean and durability. however, what type/finish was used on these cabinets?
output: paint finish. i am in process of replacing kitchen cabinets and i want a painted finiish. an oil. based(enameled) paint in a matte finish was recommended for keeping clean and durability. however, what type/finish was used on these cabinets?

input: i have been trying to find the tile you have tagged here as 3x6/delray/whitecaps but can't seem to locate it?
target: i love this kitchen! saw the tile tag but can't find the product? sorry to bother you! i have been trying to find the tile you have tagged here as 3x6/delray/whitecaps but can't seem to locate it? i'm sure i'm missing something obvious, but would love your help if you don't mind giving more detail? thank you!!
output: i love this kitchen! saw the tile tag but can't find the product? sorry to bother you! i have been trying to find the tile you have tagged here as 3x6/delray/whitecaps but can't seem to locate it? i'm sure i'm missing something obvious, but would love your help if you don't mind giving more detail?

input: can you please tell me the size of the island and clearances on all sides.
target: what is island size . can you please tell me the size of the island and clearances on all sides. thanks.
output: island. can you please tell me the size of the island and clearances on all sides. thanks.

input: where did you find the bar stools?
target: bar stools . beautiful kitchen! where did you find the bar stools?
output: perfect bar stools. where did you find the bar stools? thanks

input: what is the distance from the end of the island to the range ?
target: distance from island to appliances . what is the distance from the end of the island to the range ? also the distance from the sink to the island?
output: distance from sink to appliances. what is the distance from the end of the island to the range? also the distance from the sink to the sink?

input: could you tell me the paint color of the peripheral cabinets?
target: color of cabinets . could you tell me the paint color of the peripheral cabinets? also, is the grout black or grey? and lastly, island dimensions? thank you! love this kitchen!
output: could you tell me the paint color of the peripheral cabinets? i am looking for something just like this. thank you.

input: what and how, please.
target: we love the cabinet staining. what and how, please. tulsa,ok . our floors are grey tile and we are trying not to paint the cabinets. this would be a fabulous option. i know this is giving away a secret, but we are not in the your area. thanks for your consideration.
output: what and how, please. tulsa, ok. our home is in hilton, ok. we have a home in our small home. i think this is our future.

input: what is the finish on the handles, brushed nickel?
target: handles and knobs . what is the finish on the handles, brushed nickel? please advise
output: handles and knobs. what is the finish on the handles, brushed nickel? please advise

input: what brand and colour is the hardware you used?
target: hardware . hi, i got this delta faucet for my kitchen too! what brand and colour is the hardware you used? thanks!
output: hardware. hi, i got this delta faucet for my kitchen too! what brand and colour is the hardware you used? thanks!

input: what tile is the backsplash and grout color?
target: backsplash . what tile is the backsplash and grout color? love it!
output: backsplash. what tile is the backsplash and grout color? looks great.

input: can you please tell me who makes the hardware and what the finish is called?
target: hardware . can you please tell me who makes the hardware and what the finish is called? thanks so much!
output: hardware. can you please tell me who makes the hardware and what the finish is called? thanks

input: can you please tell me where i can purchase the pendant lights above the island?
target: pendant light . can you please tell me where i can purchase the pendant lights above the island? thanks.
output: pendant lights. can you please tell me where i can purchase the pendant lights above the island? thanks.

input: where did you purchase?
target: faucet and potfiller . love them! where did you purchase? are they brassy color?
output: love the chairs. where did you purchase? thank you.

input: hello, would you be able to tell me what material was used to cover the range hood?
target: range hood? hello, would you be able to tell me what material was used to cover the range hood? thank you in advance!
output: range hood? hello, would you be able to tell me what material was used to cover the range hood? thank you.

input: what brand and name is the backsplash?
target: backsplash tile . what brand and name is the backsplash? love the vintage look.
output: backsplash tile. what brand and name is the backsplash? love the backsplash.

input: can you please tell me which type of soapstone this is and where it was purchased?
target: soapstone counters . can you please tell me which type of soapstone this is and where it was purchased? i live a few blocks away from this house!
output: soapstone counters. can you please tell me which type of soapstone this is and where it was purchased? i live a few blocks away from this house!

input: can you please tell me where i can find this light?
target: pendant light . can you please tell me where i can find this light? i already have the trinsic champagne gold faucet and i like the two together. thanks in advance
output: can you please tell me where i can find this light? i am looking for something just like this! please and thank you for giving the best regards!

input: may i ask what brand and finish the faucet is?
target: what brand is the faucet? this is a lovely kitchen! i particularly like the warm brass hardware. may i ask what brand and finish the faucet is? thank you for your time.
output: what is the finish of the faucet? this is a beautiful kitchen. i particularly like the warm brass hardware. may i ask what brand and finish the faucet is? thank you for your time.

input: were those custom.built, or did you find or adapt something ready.made (and if the latter, where)?
target: nice! inside the drawer, the racks that hold the spices – . were those custom.built, or did you find or adapt something ready.made (and if the latter, where)?
output: nice! inside the drawer, the racks that hold the spices–. were those custom. built, or did you find or adapt something ready. made(and if the latter, where) ?

input: what are the countertops made from?
target: what are the countertops made from? those are beautiful countertops in a gorgeous kitchen! i love the black stone. it's very unique. my husband and i want new countertops like these for our kitchen. http://www.house.of.floors.com/contentpage.aspx?id=27829
output: countertops. what are the countertops made from? these are beautiful countertops in a gorgeous kitchen!

input: it's hard to tell from photo if the tiles are a pale grey glass or a clear white glass?
target: did you paint the french grey color before glass tiles were added? specifically . did you paint the walls the french grey color before clear glass tiles were put on . so the paint color would show through? it's hard to tell from photo if the tiles are a pale grey glass or a clear white glass?
output: did you paint the french grey color before glass tiles were added? specifically. did you paint the walls the french grey color before clear glass tiles were put on. so the paint color would show through? it's hard to tell from photo if the tiles are a pale grey glass or a clear white glass?

input: can you tell me what make/model these cabinet pulls are?
target: cabinet pulls . can you tell me what make/model these cabinet pulls are? beautiful!
output: cabinets. can you tell me what make/model these cabinet pulls are? i have a white kitchen and i am looking for something just like that. thank you.

input: do you have any information on the island counter top?
target: counter top . do you have any information on the island counter top? material?
output: counter top. do you have any information on the island counter top? any information on the island counter top? any information on the counter top?

input: what is the brand/model no.
target: faucet . love the room! what is the brand/model no. of the faucets? thanks!
output: faucet. i am going to install a faucet in a kitchen in a home we've bought on the coast and plan to move into in a few months. what is the brand/model no. of the faucet? thanks!

input: i understand it will darken over time but just want to understand what is actually shown here.
target: another question about the soapstone . i love the color of the soapstone in this picture . in particular the grey hue. is the one in the picture honed? oiled? or completely unfinished. i found beautiful grey soapstone . that is very similar unoiled and really want to achieve this look (rathern than the dark black). i understand it will darken over time but just want to understand what is actually shown here.
output: another question about the soapstone. i have a client that loves the soapstone. in particular the grey one in the picture. i understand it will darken over time but just want to understand what is actually shown here. thank you in advance!

input: what type of material and finish used?
target: tell me about the floors . they are beautiful? what type of material and finish used?
output: counters. what type of material and finish used? thanks!

input: who makes the kitchen island pendant lights .
target: kitchen island pendant lights . who makes the kitchen island pendant lights . love them!!
output: kitchen island pendant lights. who makes the kitchen island pendant lights. love them!

input: who makes your dining room table and chairs?
target: who makes your dining room table and chairs? love your dining room table and chairs i can see in the background. please share the maker and style. thank you.
output: who makes your dining room table and chairs? what is the material? thank you!

input: if so, how do you keep odors down as it doesn't appear to have a lid?
target: garbage drawer question . the black bin into which you are putting the vegetable scraps . is it a composting bin? if so, how do you keep odors down as it doesn't appear to have a lid?
output: garbage drawer question. the black bin into which you are putting the vegetable scraps. is it a composting product? if so, how do you keep odors down as it doesn't appear to have a lid?

input: would you mind sharing the source for the counter tops?
target: gorgeous kitchen! would you mind sharing the source for the counter tops? again, gorgeous! thank you!
output: countertops. beautiful kitchen! would you mind sharing the source for the counter tops? also, what is the material used for the countertops?

input: do you know how many inches are between the island and wall with the fridge?
target: beautiful space . lovely kitchen! do you know how many inches are between the island and wall with the fridge?
output: dimensions. i love this kitchen. do you know how many inches are between the island and wall with the fridge?

input: what is the brand/model of the refrigerator.
target: brand and model of refrigerator . what is the brand/model of the refrigerator. is it built in or counter depth?
output: brand and model of refrigerator. what is the brand/model of the refrigerator. is it built in or counter depth?

input: i was wondering how high the ceilings are in this kitchen?
target: ceiling height . i was wondering how high the ceilings are in this kitchen? thank you
output: ceiling height. i was wondering how high the ceilings are in this kitchen? also, what is the height of the ceiling? thanks

input: what is the length of the wall with rage and sink.
target: what is the length of the wall with rage and sink. i would love to set up sink and range on same wall but i only have about 12 ft to work with. not sure if it is enough space.
output: what is the length of the wall with rage and sink. i would like to do something similar. thanks.

input: what company makes this?
target: is the lighting custom? what company makes this? it's the bar that intrigues me
output: is there a product that sells great remodel. what company makes this?

input: is the sink and counter fabricated by the same shop as the cabinetry?
target: this is a gorgeous space! a question regarding the sink . is the sink and counter fabricated by the same shop as the cabinetry? i'm searching for a 42" stainless apron front sink and beginning to think custom may be the only option. would you consider sharing the source? thank you!
output: sink and counter. is the sink and counter fabricated by the same shop as the cabinetry? beautiful kitchen! thanks

input: who makes the range hood?
target: who makes the range hood? who makes the range hood. great kitchen and house!
output: who makes the range hood? who makes the range hood? and the cabinet finish?

input: could you share the paint color and finish on the windows please?
target: could you share the paint color and finish on the windows please? i have checked all of the photos for this project but was unable to come across this information. i read that they are wood and that you painted them. i was hoping you could share the color and finish of paint you used. thank you so much! stunning work!
output: could you share the paint color and finish on the windows please? i have checked all of the photos for this project but was unable to come across this information. i read that they are wood and that you painted them. i was hoping you could share the color and finish of paint you used. thank you so much!

input: could you share the manufacturer.
target: lighting on ceiling . could you share the manufacturer. thank you. my new favorite space on houzz! just wonderful. i wish you were in pennsylvania.
output: lighting on ceiling. could you share the manufacturer. thanks.

input: do you think the dark beamed ceiling would work for a 8' height if the floors were not painted white?
target: i love this look. in your opinion, how essential are the white floors. my kitchen is evolving into a similar look, however, the dimensions are considerably smaller. do you think the dark beamed ceiling would work for a 8' height if the floors were not painted white?
output: do you think the dark beamed ceiling would work for a 8' height if the floors were not painted white? i have a 9' ceiling that is white and will look very white in the bathrooms. thanks.

input: what are the countertops made out of?
target: what are the countertops made out of? and any other details about them would be great. thanks
output: countertops? what are the countertops made out of? and any other details about them? thanks

input: can you share the paint color of the island?
target: can you share the paint color of the island? color of the island? love it!
output: can you share the paint color of the island? color of the island? beautiful kitchen!

input: would love to know where i can purchase the stools.
target: stools . would love to know where i can purchase the stools. thanks
output: stools. would love to know where i can purchase the stools. thanks

input: i would like to know who’s the manufacturer including color and species of wood and also if solid or engineered.
target: can someone tell me what floors are these? i have been looking for these floors and have had no luck. i would like to know who’s the manufacturer including color and species of wood and also if solid or engineered.
output: can someone tell me what floors are these? i have been looking for these floors and have had no luck. i would like to know who’s the manufacturer including color and species of wood and also if solid or engineered. thanks!

input: trying to decide between quartz and quartzite.is the beauty of quartzite worth the cost?
target: counter tops . what color quartz is the countered. trying to decide between quartz and quartzite.is the beauty of quartzite worth the cost?
output: counter tops. what color quartz is the countered. trying to decide between quartz and quartzite. is the beauty of quartzite worth the cost?

input: is that a microwave drawer by the sink?
target: microwave drawer . is that a microwave drawer by the sink? what brand?
output: microwave drawer. is that a microwave drawer by the sink? and what is the size of the drawer? thanks

input: can you share the name/website of the mfr?
target: beautiful faucet! can you share the name/website of the mfr? the whole kitchen is gorgeousness. if this were my kitchen i would sleep in here too .)
output: beautiful faucet! can you share the name/website of the mfr? the overall look. thanks!

input: asking because this is what my kitchen would look like.
target: what is space bt the kitchen sink and the stove. gorgeous kitchen!!! this is the exact layout my designer suggested for my kitchen. my only fear is that there is too much space between the kitchen sink and the range. in my case there would be 7ft between sink and stove (directly across from each other). i cannot fit a secondary sink on the wall with oven. do you find it functions well? carrying a pot of boiling water from stove to sink??? as well do you find the island disrupts the flow? asking because this is what my kitchen would look like. many thanks!
output: what is space bt the kitchen and dining room? this is the exact layout my designer suggested for my kitchen. asking because this is what my kitchen would look like. thanks!

input: would love to cook there.
target: lovely! the kitchen is so lovely, very warm and inviting. would love to cook there. the entire transformation of this home is stunning!!
output: is there a pantry in the kitchen? would love to cook there. the small kitchen is open to the kitchen. thanks!

input: what are the counters?
target: what are the counters? color? stone?
output: countertops? what are the counters? and width?

input: what brand is your fridge and how did they get it took look so much like part of the cabinets?
target: fridge . what brand is your fridge and how did they get it took look so much like part of the cabinets? who made your cabinets?
output: fridge. what brand is your fridge and how did they get it took look so much like part of the cabinets? who makes your fridge?

input: would like a creamish wall colour.lnow of any that go with the cupboards?
target: kitchen . i have orangish wood cupboards. would like a creamish wall colour.lnow of any that go with the cupboards?
output: kitchen. i have orangish wood floors. would like a creamish wall colour. lnow of any that go with the cupboards?

input: can you tell me the dimensions of the table please.
target: lovely kitchen . can you tell me the dimensions of the table please. thank you
output: dimensions. can you tell me the dimensions of the table please. i would like to install a banquette or banquette. thank you.

input: what are the dimensions and ceiling height?
target: beautiful kitchen! what are the dimensions and ceiling height? thanks!
output: beautiful kitchen! what are the dimensions and ceiling height? thanks!

input: now, however, the gold seems dated and i want to replace it with brushed stainless, because i think it looks dated with the gold.
target: gold hardware, are they date now? i am new to houzz, and this kitchen is stunning! what caught my eye is the gold hardware especially the faucet. in 1998 i completely renovated my kitchen into a classic, traditional one, for my 1920s home. i also used all gold accents, including the faucet. everything is still like new, even 16 years later. now, however, the gold seems dated and i want to replace it with brushed stainless, because i think it looks dated with the gold. all my appliances are white and the cabinets are maple, all custom. my husband thinks i am crazy to change all faucet and cabinet hardware, etc. can someone advise me. is gold a very dated look? would it look more up.to.date with silver.color hardware? many thanks. yesterday
output: gold hardware, are they date now? i am new to houzz, and this kitchen is stunning! what caught my eye is the gold hardware especially the faucet. in 1998 i completely renovated my kitchen into a classic, traditional one, for my 1920s home. i also used all gold accents, including the faucet. everything is still like new, even 16 years later. now

input: you have created what i would describe as the kitchen of my dreams.
target: this is also a compliment, not a question. you have created what i would describe as the kitchen of my dreams. this is the prettiest kitchen i've ever seen. if for some reason, money were no object, and i could have the most ostentatious kitchen in the world, i would still prefer this kitchen. it is obvious you used top quality stuff, but there is nothing pretentious or hoity.toity about it. every aspect of it is just beautiful, and functional, and most importantly happy!
output: this is also a compliment, not a question. you have created what i would describe as the kitchen of my dreams. this is the prettiest kitchen i've ever seen. if for some reason, money were no object, and i would still have the space. it's obvious that the decor is beautiful. thanks in advance!

input: where did island come from?
target: where did island come from? can it be purchased? thanks!
output: where did island come from? can it be purchased? thanks

input: what are the measurements of the room?
target: dimensions . this kitchen is an absolute dream. what are the measurements of the room? including the ceiling height.
output: dimensions. this kitchen is beautiful! what are the measurements of the room? including the ceiling height.

input: how wide is the space?
target: i love the island. how wide is the space? thanks.
output: i love the island. how wide is the space? thanks.

input: now when they age i know what color they will be, the same as these .
target: this is just a compliment, not a question. this kitchen is the most gorgeous i have ever laid eyes upon. i was going to paint my kitchen cabinets green, but was afraid i'd tire of the green. now when they age i know what color they will be, the same as these . you are one very talented designer. this entire home is gorgeous. just my style.
output: this is just a compliment, not a question. this kitchen is the most gorgeous i have ever laid eyes upon. i was going to paint my kitchen cabinets green, but was afraid i'd tire of the green. now when they age i know what color they will be, the same as these. you are one very talented designer. this entire home is gorgeous. just my style.

input: was the island custom or was it purchased?
target: was the island custom or was it purchased? if it was purchased, where? i have been looking for a long narrow island for over a year! any leads would be greatly appreciated!
output: was the island custom or was it purchased? if it was purchased, where? i have been looking for a long narrow island for over a year! any leads would be appreciated. thanks!

input: what is the lower cabinet color?
target: what is the lower cabinet color? what paint brand? please don't tell me it's a custom mix!
output: what is the lower cabinet color? and cabinet color? please tell us the cabinet color

input: any ideas where i can find one?
target: i am lookin for a rug just like this. any ideas where i can find one? thanks!
output: i am lookin for a microwave, white dove, or an apron. any ideas where i can find one? thanks!

input: while i very much like the basic idea of the drawer beneath the plumbing pipes, without a drawer handle elsewhere, wouldn't the horizontal board on the bottom of the drawer likely end up being used to pull out the drawer.
target: is any hidden hardware used? while i very much like the basic idea of the drawer beneath the plumbing pipes, without a drawer handle elsewhere, wouldn't the horizontal board on the bottom of the drawer likely end up being used to pull out the drawer. and, if so, as it is currently attached over the ends of the sides, how would it not get pulled loose from the sides or is it attached by hidden hardware. and, if so, what kind?
output: is any hidden hardware used? while i very much like the basic idea of the drawer beneath the plumbing pipes, without a drawer handle elsewhere, wouldn't the horizontal board on the bottom of the drawer likely end up being used to pull out the drawer. and, if so, as it is currently attached over the ends of of the sides, how would it not get pulled loose from the sides or

input: would you mind sharing the source for the lights, please?
target: inspiring design! such amazing pendant lights! would you mind sharing the source for the lights, please? thank you.
output: lighting. would you mind sharing the source for the lights, please? i love the antique pendants. thank you.

input: can you tell me what brand and style flooring this is?
target: what flooring is this? so beautiful! can you tell me what brand and style flooring this is? thanks!
output: what is the flooring product? and is it hardwood? can you tell me what brand and style flooring this is?

input: who makes these cup pulls?
target: cup pulls . who makes these cup pulls? thanks!
output: cup pulls. who makes these cup pulls? thanks!

input: do you have details on the backsplash?
target: backsplash tile? do you have details on the backsplash? where you bought it/color? please andamp. thank you!
output: backsplash tile? do you have details on the backsplash? where you bought it/color? please andamp. thank you

input: what are the dimensions of the cabinets and also, the dimensions of the counters?
target: island dimensions? what are the dimensions of the cabinets and also, the dimensions of the counters? the overhang ?
output: dimensions of cabinets and also, the dimensions of the counters? what are the dimensions of the cabinets and also, the dimensions of the counters? the chairs and countertops? thank you!

input: what made you decide on honed granite?
target: perfect! i'm trying to decide between honed granite and soapstone. what made you decide on honed granite? .besides waxing of soapstone. appreciate your feedback.
output: perfect! i'm trying to decide between honed granite and soapstone. what made you decide on honed granite? which treatment is better. thanks

input: can you tell me approx sq footage and number of bedrooms?
target: square footage . can you tell me approx sq footage and number of bedrooms? thank you
output: square footage. can you tell me approx sq footage and number of bedrooms? thank you

input: how high off the island did you hang the pendants?
target: ceiling height . beautiful! how tall are the ceilings? how high off the island did you hang the pendants?
output: ceiling height. beautiful! how high off the island did you hang the pendants?

input: what kind of countertop did you use?
target: beautiful! what kind of countertop did you use? what color is it?
output: countertop. what kind of countertop did you use? what color is it?

input: would you kindly share the exact paint color of the kitchen cabinets and the backsplash material and color?
target: other photos of this kitchen? backsplash material and color? what a lovely kitchen! are there other views of this room? would you kindly share the exact paint color of the kitchen cabinets and the backsplash material and color? beautiful!
output: backsplash material and color? this kitchen is absolutely amazing! would you kindly share the exact paint color of the kitchen cabinets and the backsplash material and color?

input: what is size of island legs.
target: island legs . what is size of island legs. where are they sourced from?
output: island legs. what is size of island legs. where are they sourced from?

input: what is color/finish on the cabinets?
target: cabinets . what door style are these cabinets. what is color/finish on the cabinets?
output: cabinets. what is color/finish on the cabinets? this is a beautiful kitchen.

input: who makes the counter chairs?
target: chairs/stools . who makes the counter chairs? they actually look comfortable and the dark blue hue is a good contrast against the counters
output: chairs/stools. who makes the counter chairs? they actually look comfortable and the dark blue hue is a good contrast against the counters

input: where did you purchase those from?
target: i really like the lights? where did you purchase those from? thanks!
output: i really like the lights? where did you purchase those from? thanks.

input: can you tell me what material the countertops are?
target: countertops? can you tell me what material the countertops are? thanks!
output: countertops. can you tell me what material the countertops are? thank you.

input: what is the info on the pendants.
target: what is the info on the pendants. my favorite kitchen hands down. i'm finally able to redo my kitchen and i'am copying your ideas.
output: what is the info on the pendants. my favorite kitchen hands down. i'm finally able to cook my own kitchen and create a great mosaic.

input: do you think this torquay would match with crema marfil flooring?
target: torquay . do you think this torquay would match with crema marfil flooring? i'm doing bm white acadia on cabinets andamp. iron mountain on island? what is the thickness of quartz also? thank you!!
output: torquay. do you think this torquay would match with crema marfil flooring? i am looking into building a similar layout but wondering what treatment would be needed. thanks

input: can you give details?
target: floor and chairs . love your floor and chairs . can you give details?
output: floor and chairs. love your floor and chairs. can you give details?

input: but can you tell me dimensions of the countertops so i can assess the relative space of the room?
target: dimensions . the island is 3x8 . but can you tell me dimensions of the countertops so i can assess the relative space of the room? thanks
output: dimensions. the island is 3x8. but can you tell me dimensions of the countertops so i can assess the relative space of the room? thanks

input: we have 2" at the top, and i'd like to get a sense of what that looks like as a flat piece.
target: what is the height of the crown molding? we have 2" at the top, and i'd like to get a sense of what that looks like as a flat piece. (white shaker cabinets in a small kitchen.) thanks!
output: is the top drawer custom made? we have 2" at the top, and i'd like to get a sense of what that looks like as a flat piece. (white shaker cabinets in a small kitchen. ) thanks!

input: is this countertop one piece?
target: countertop . is this countertop one piece? no seam
output: countertop. is this countertop one piece? if it is custom?

input: could you say what the width is on this cabinet.
target: cabinet width . could you say what the width is on this cabinet. 30 or 36. thanks
output: cabinet width. could you say what the width is on this cabinet. 30 or 36. thanks

input: can you please provide info on the thickness and edge profile for the danby marble on the island?
target: counter edge profile . can you please provide info on the thickness and edge profile for the danby marble on the island? its beautiful!
output: counter edge profile. can you please provide info on the thickness and edge profile for the danby marble on the island? its beautiful!

input: what color paint is on the perimeter cabinets?
target: cabinet color . beautiful kitchen. what color paint is on the perimeter cabinets? it blends beautifully with the counter tops and the island color.
output: what color paint is on the perimeter cabinets? i am putting in alder cabinets in our kitchen and we have a small kitchen in our house we bought. the white cabinets are a medium beige, but some are white dove. i am looking for the perfect grey.

input: how large is this island and how much of a difference in height between the two surfaces?
target: what are the island dimensions? how large is this island and how much of a difference in height between the two surfaces? thanks!
output: dimensions: i'm planning a similar layout in my kitchen. how large is this island and how much of a difference in height between the two surfaces? thanks.

input: also, is the hardware on the cabinets and faucet matte black or oil rubbed bronze?
target: flooring details:) . hello! would you mind sharing the flooring information? also, is the hardware on the cabinets and faucet matte black or oil rubbed bronze? beautiful!
output: is the hardware on the cabinets and faucet matte black or oil rubbed bronze? also, is the hardware on the cabinets and faucet matte black or oil rubbed bronze? please help.

input: do you think a black leathered granite would work in this space?
target: countertop question . i love this kitchen! do you think a black leathered granite would work in this space?
output: countertop question. i love this kitchen! do you think a black leathered granite would work in this space?

input: would you please share where the range hood came from?
target: range hood is lovely! love the overall design and balance of the room with light and dark. would you please share where the range hood came from? thank you!
output: range hood is lovely! love the overall design and balance of the room with light and dark. would you please share where the range hood came from? thank you!

input: i’m wanting to paint my cabinets this color however i think the trim in my house is a decorators white.
target: does the white trim match the white dove cabinets? i’m wanting to paint my cabinets this color however i think the trim in my house is a decorators white. will it clash?
output: does the white trim match the white dove cabinets? i’m wanting to paint my cabinets this color however i think the trim in my house is a decorators white. will it clash?

input: i'm wondering if you could tell me about the main sink faucet?
target: faucet make/model . hi martha, this kitchen is just stunning. i love so many elements about it. i'm wondering if you could tell me about the main sink faucet? i'd really appreciate it.
output: faucet. hi, i absolutely love this kitchen. this kitchen is stunning! i'm wondering if you could tell me about the main sink faucet? i love how you swivel and can't stop looking at it. thanks!

input: is that still the trend or doing cabinets like you did with larger molding?
target: hello.beautiful kitchen. can you tell me how big your moldings are . i'd like to know how big your moldings are to get to the ceiling? we are starting construction and i'm designing our kitchen. we have a 9' as well. i originally wanted to do a stacked cabinet so that i could get up to the ceiling. is that still the trend or doing cabinets like you did with larger molding? it just seems that the smaller stacked cabinet is a waste of money. also, another question.i have someone laying out the design for me and they have a 39" wide cabinet. that seems a bit large to me. can you tell me how large your cabinets are along the sink wall? thanks, sue
output: hello. beautiful kitchen. can you tell me how big your moldings are. is that still the trend or doing cabinets like you did with larger molding? thank you.

input: do you have any design suggestions or tips?
target: bm white dove question . hi martha! i love your work and particularly love your use of color. it was therefore natural for me to select bm white dove for my cabinets and trim in my martha’s vineyard home. now that my white marble countertops have been installed, the white dove cabinets read yellow and clash with the countertops. do you have any design suggestions or tips? please help. thanks.
output: windows. are these custom built? do you have any design suggestions or tips?

input: would dark wood stools and table set go with this look ( i currently have a pottery barn set that i was hoping would work well. )
target: love everything about this kitchen . do you have any details on the hood and color floor? would dark wood stools and table set go with this look ( i currently have a pottery barn set that i was hoping would work well. )
output: i have a client that loves the table design. would dark wood stools and table set go with this look(i currently have a pottery barn set that i was hoping would work well. )

input: what color is the island?
target: island . what color is the island? my wife wants to have a blue island in our new home.
output: island. what color is the island? my wife wants to have a blue island in our new home.

input: hi, love the subway tile?
target: hi, love the subway tile? size and brand ? is it glossy? thanks!!
output: hi, love the subway tile? size and brand? is it durable? thanks

input: our kitchen ceiling is 10 feet and the island is 10 ft by 4 ft. should i order medium or large darlana lanterns?
target: love this! ceiling/light question . what is the ceiling height here? our kitchen ceiling is 10 feet and the island is 10 ft by 4 ft. should i order medium or large darlana lanterns?
output: lanterns and lights. this space is amazing! our kitchen ceiling is 10 feet and the island is 10 ft by 4 ft. should i order medium or large darlana lanterns?

input: we have 10 foot ceilings and our island is 10 by 4. should i get the medium or large darlana lanterns?
target: lanterns and ceiling height . how tall are the ceilings in here? we have 10 foot ceilings and our island is 10 by 4. should i get the medium or large darlana lanterns?
output: lanterns and ceiling height. how high are the ceilings in the room? we have 10 foot ceilings and our island is 10 by 4. should i get the medium or large darlana lanterns?

input: if your trim is all white dove through the whole home, should your kitchen cabinets be as well?
target: color . if your trim is all white dove through the whole home, should your kitchen cabinets be as well? i'm afraid it will all wash out if i do white dove on cabinetry, with marble counters.
output: if your trim is all white dove through the whole home, should your kitchen cabinets be as well? i'm trying to decide between a true white dove with an off. white and an off. white. it's difficult finding a trim. what color is it?

input: could you suggest a light fixture that would compliment these?
target: could you suggest a light fixture that would compliment these? we have a breakfast room [windowed on three sides] off the kitchen. i would like to put a round 48.54" pedestal table there. it's an open concept so the darlana pendants would be seen from the breakfast area and the great rm is also open to the kitchen. thanks in advance for your help!
output: could you suggest a light fixture that would compliment these? we have a breakfast room[windowed on three sides] off the kitchen. i would like to put a round 48.54" pedestal table there. it's an open concept so the darlana pendants would be seen from the breakfast area and the great rm is also open to the kitchen. thanks in advance for your help!

input: love them and trying to determine size?
target: what size darlana pendants are these? medium ? love them and trying to determine size?
output: what size darlana pendants are these? love them and trying to determine size? thank you!

input: what is the island countertop?
target: island . what is the island countertop? thanks!
output: island. what is the island countertop? and, if so, the dimensions? thanks!

input: where can i ring them
target: lighting . love the drum lights. where can i ring them
output: lighting. love the drum lights. where can i ring them

input: what is the color of the island cabinetry?
target: what is the color of the island cabinetry? what is the hood finish? building a home in ga. your kitchen will be the inspiration. it is beautiful. we are using reclaimed wood/log skins and stone.
output: what is the color of the island cabinetry? what is the hood finish? building a home in ga. your kitchen is beautiful.

input: can you tell me where you got the lights over the island?
target: lighting? can you tell me where you got the lights over the island? thanks!
output: lighting? can you tell me where you got the lights over the island? thanks!

input: are the counters honed?
target: counters honed? hello. are the counters honed?
output: counters honed? hello. are the counters honed?

input: what are the interior cabinets made of?
target: what are the interior cabinets made of? plywood? melamine? my cabinet maker wants to make mine out of melamine. i fear that it might not be the best option.
output: what are the interior cabinets made of? plywood? melamine? my cabinet maker wants to make mine out of melamine. i fear that it might not be the best option.

input: can you please share info on the tile used for the backsplash?
target: backsplash . can you please share info on the tile used for the backsplash? thank you:)
output: backsplash. can you please share info on the tile used for the backsplash? thank you: )

input: how can i find them?
target: love the stools. how can i find them? thanks.
output: love the stools. how can i find them? thanks.

input: how thick are the marble countertops?
target: counter thickness . how thick are the marble countertops? thank you!
output: counter thickness. how thick are the marble countertops? and what is the dimension? thanks.

input: and what did you use on the counters.
target: beautiful kitchen. what is the size of the island. and what did you u . what is the size of the island. and what did you use on the counters. thank you
output: beautiful kitchen. where is the fridge located? and what did you use on the counters. thank you

input: what color was used on the cabinets?
target: cabinet color? what color was used on the cabinets? beautifully done!
output: cabinet color? what color was used on the cabinets? it's beautiful. thanks

input: need idea as what color to paint walls.
target: what colors are in the countertop . i'm redoing my kitchen and have painted my cabinets a sand color by vintage market which is a chalk paint. it is more of a light grey. need idea as what color to paint walls. also going with a laminate and would like a white color with some grey and taupe in it. any idea on backsplash .
output: what colors are in the countertop. i'm redoing my kitchen and it would be a great complement. it would also help me in the kitchen. need idea as what color to paint walls. what is the paint color? thank you.

input: what is the name of the granite on the island?
target: what is the name of the granite on the island? love it! what is the name of the granite on the island? love it!
output: granite island. what is the name of the granite on the island? granite? thank you

input: do you happen to recall what grout was used?
target: kitchen remodel . your picture inspired us to use long white glass subway tile for our backsplash. do you happen to recall what grout was used? thanks!
output: kitchen remodel. your picture inspired us to use long white glass subway tile for our backsplash. do you happen to recall what grout was used? thanks!

input: how did you come to use something that seems quite blueish and make it work with the green?
target: wall tile . lovely room! i'm curious about the wall tile details. we just put in green granite and are really struggling with backsplash decision. what you chose looks great. how did you come to use something that seems quite blueish and make it work with the green? our condo is in port charlotte.
output: wall tile. lovely room! i'm curious about the wall tile details. we just put in green granite and are really struggling with backsplash decision. what you chose looks great. how did you come to use something that seems quite blueish and make it work with the green? our condo is in port charlotte.

input: what is the granite used here?
target: kitchen remodel on the river . what is the granite used here? i like that it is not so stark.
output: kitchen remodel on the river. what is the granite used here? i like that it is not so stark.

input: what are the dimensions?
target: cdep19@gmail.com . i love the island. what are the dimensions? who is manufacturer?
output: bench seating. great bench seating. what are the dimensions?

input: can you tell me what color the cabinets and trim pieces are?
target: cabinet color and trim . can you tell me what color the cabinets and trim pieces are? i'm trying to decide between a true white and an off.white. i like the color used here and would like to match it.
output: cabinet color and trim. can you tell me what color the cabinets and trim pieces are? i'm trying to decide between a true white and an off. white. i like the color used here and would like to match it.

input: where can i find?
target: pendants . i love these pendants. where can i find? the for, shape andamp. simplicity is great.
output: i love the open shelves! where can i find? what is the material?

input: any idea of the dimensions?
target: room dimensions please . love the comfortable feel of this room. any idea of the dimensions?
output: room dimensions please. any idea of the dimensions? the kitchen is beautiful. thanks!

input: are they clear glass(installed over wedgewood gray wall color) or colored?
target: back.splash glass tile specs, please. specs on the glass back.splash tiles, please. are they clear glass(installed over wedgewood gray wall color) or colored? thanks!
output: back. splash glass tile specs, please. specs on the glass back. are they clear glass(installed over wedgewood gray wall color) or colored? thanks!

input: could you tell me the manufacturer?
target: love the window treatments. could you tell me the manufacturer? thanks
output: i love the window treatments. could you tell me the manufacturer? thanks

input: what is the color and material of the countertops?
target: paint color? what is the color and material of the countertops? thanks
output: paint color and material. what is the color and material of the countertops? thanks

input: do you remember what brand and color flooring was used in this kitchen?
target: is the flooring solid hardwood or engineered? do you remember what brand and color flooring was used in this kitchen? very pretty!
output: is the flooring solid hardwood or engineered? do you remember what brand and color flooring was used in this kitchen? very nice!

input: are the cabinets stock?
target: cabinets . i love the kitchen! are the cabinets stock? semi? or custom? thanks!!!
output: cabinets. i love the kitchen! are the cabinets stock? what is the material?

input: and are they all the same size?
target: hardware size? hi, i'm looking at these exact pulls from rh. what size pulls did you use? and are they all the same size? i love your kitchen!
output: hardware size. hi, i'm looking at these exact pulls from rh. what size pulls did you use? and are they all the same size? i love the pulls

input: can you tell me the source?
target: light fixtures! i love those light fixtures! can you tell me the source?
output: light fixtures. i love those light fixtures! can you tell me the source?

input: is that 3x6" beveled subway tile, or is it larger?
target: love the subway tile! is it beveled? what size are they? hi, i am trying to choose back splash for my kitchen update. is that 3x6" beveled subway tile, or is it larger? thank you!
output: love the subway tile! is it beveled? what size is it? is that 3x6" beveled subway tile, or is it larger? what is the size of the dishwasher? what is the size of the dishwasher?

input: is this ceasarstone or cambria?
target: countertop material and colour . is this ceasarstone or cambria? what is the colour. thank you.
output: countertop material and colour. is this ceasarstone or cambria? what is the colour. thank you.

input: can you please tell me the width of the sink base and the width of the sink?
target: sink base . hello! can you please tell me the width of the sink base and the width of the sink? thanks!
output: sink base. hello, beautiful work! can you please tell me the width of the sink base and the width of the sink? thank you!

input: do you know what counter top brand and color was used?
target: countertop . do you know what counter top brand and color was used? thanks
output: countertop. do you know what counter top brand and color was used? thanks

input: source for backsplash tile?
target: source for backsplash tile? it appears to be a simple beveled subway tile but i'm having a surprising amount of trouble finding a good source. thanks
output: source for backsplash tile? it appears to be a simple beveled subway tile but i'm having a surprising amount of trouble finding a good source. thanks

input: do you think both counter and tiles polished will look good together because they're both in a polished finish?
target: counter and tiles . is the caesarstone counter top polished? i'm interested in the frosty carrina from caesarstone (similar to the one in the picture, but a bit more veining) and white 3x6 polished subway tiles (not beveled). do you think both counter and tiles polished will look good together because they're both in a polished finish? thanks!
output: counter and tiles. is the caesarstone counter top polished? i'm interested in the frosty carrina from caesarstone(similar to the one in the picture, but a bit more veining) and white 3x6 polished subway tile. do you think both counter and tiles polished will look good together because they're both in a polished finish? thanks!

input: where are the cabinets from?
target: cabinets . where are the cabinets from? thanks!
output: cabinets. where are the cabinets from? name?

input: hello is the white a painted cabinet?
target: cabinet . hello is the white a painted cabinet? if so can you please share the finish on the white doors. thank you!
output: cabinet. hello is the white a painted cabinet? if so can you please share the finish on the white doors. thank you.

input: can you tell me where the cabinet pulls are from?
target: hardware . can you tell me where the cabinet pulls are from? thank you!
output: hardware. can you tell me where the cabinet pulls are from? thank you!

input: can you tell us how tall the ceiling is?
target: can you tell us how tall the ceiling is? thanks! your cabinets look tall and we're dealing with 10 foot ceilings. this could be a solution.
output: can you tell us how tall the ceiling is? and also how tall is it? thanks

input: can you tell me the paint colors used?
target: paint colors . i love this kitchen! can you tell me the paint colors used? thanks. grace
output: i love this kitchen! can you tell me the paint colors used? thank you!

input: what is the wall thickness of the archway?
target: what is the archway's wall thickness? we love this room! what is the wall thickness of the archway? planning to incorporate similar features in our construction. thanks. ~ jessica
output: what is the archway's wall thickness? we love this room! what is the wall thickness of the archway? planning to incorporate similar features in our construction. thanks. ~ jessica

input: did you have texture on the walls?
target: wall texture . beautiful! did you have texture on the walls? if so what is the name? thank you
output: walls, counter tops. what is the material? did you have texture on the walls?

input: i know this is an older post, however, i'm unable to find anything that has the rich look of this.
target: brick behind range? i have this same range, looking for exactly the type brick/tile behind this range. is there anyway you can provide the name? i know this is an older post, however, i'm unable to find anything that has the rich look of this. thank you
output: brick behind range? i know this is an older post, however, i'm unable to find anything that has the rich look of this. thank you

input: source for mantle?
target: beautiful room. source for mantle? thank you.
output: beautiful room. source for mantle? thank you.

input: did you seal the brick behind the cooktop?
target: did you seal the brick behind the cooktop? love this look. we are building and i have an designed arch around my cooktop. my concern is the maintenance of the backsplash and surround considering it will definitely get some grease/food splatter. how did you resolve this?
output: did you seal the brick behind the cooktop? love this look. we are building and i have an designed arch around my cooktop. my concern is the maintenance of the backsplash and surround considering it will definitely get some grease/food splatter. how did you resolve this?

input: who made the wood piece above the stove?
target: wood piece above stove . who made the wood piece above the stove? it is beautiful!
output: wood piece above stove. who made the wood piece above the stove? it is beautiful!

input: i will be incorporating much of the design when i do my remodel.
target: my all.time favorite kitchen . i keep coming back to this photo over and over again. it has become my reference for how i want a kitchen to feel. i will be incorporating much of the design when i do my remodel. thank you for sharing!
output: i will be incorporating much of the design when i do my remodel. i have a client that loves the movement. thank you

input: where could i find one?
target: love the afghan antique. where could i find one? or something sim? i am building a home in austin hill country and your kitchen in the equestrian estate is 100% to my taste. i am crazy in love with this look. can you help
output: i love the afghan antique. where could i find one? or something sim? i am building a home in dallas, texas.

input: and what is the exact color name please.
target: counter top . is the counter top marble or granite? and what is the exact color name please. thank you !
output: counter top. is the counter top marble or granite? and what is the exact color name please. thank you.

input: would i be able to add this stone to my arch opening?
target: stone around the opening . would i be able to add this stone to my arch opening? if so does the stone also goes into the dining area? what color is this stone and where can i purchase it?
output: stone around the opening. would i be able to add this stone to my arch opening? this stone also goes into the dining room and the pantry is also accessible. what is the material used for the archway? what is the material?

input: how many different cabinet colors are there and what colors are they?
target: what are the cabinet colors? such an exceptional kitchen! how many different cabinet colors are there and what colors are they?
output: what are the cabinet colors? such an exceptional kitchen! how many different cabinet colors are there and what colors are they?

input: is there a special method of building used to support the stone?
target: what kind of materials are used in the archway ? is it real stone and what kind of special building techiques . is there a special method of building used to support the stone? its very beautiful!
output: is there a special method of building used to support the stone? is it difficult to find a local company that represents it. it is listed as a class 3, , and it is a class ii* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

input: we love something like this but trying to figure how we could balance out the oven/hearth on the right side.
target: what's on the right side of this oven? we love something like this but trying to figure how we could balance out the oven/hearth on the right side. do you have a picture? thanks!
output: what is the left corner of the oven? we love something like this but trying to figure how we could balance out the oven/hearth on the right side. do you have a picture? thanks!

input: have you taken any additional pictures from different angles that you can share?
target: do you have additional pictures of this gem? have you taken any additional pictures from different angles that you can share? you've applied just the right amount of "touches" to indicate it's mediterranean roots, without making it too cliche'. perfection!
output: do you have additional pictures of this gem? have you taken any additional pictures from different angles that you can share? you've applied just the right amount of" touches" to indicate it's mediterranean roots, without making it too cliche' . perfection!

input: do you think it would fit the 4 oven aga and companion?
target: what is the hood made of? i like the look. do you think it would fit the 4 oven aga and companion?
output: what is the hood made of? i like the look. do you think it would fit the 4 oven aga and companion?

input: and perhaps some wine?
target: where is the cheese? i'd like to rip the baguette, so the knife must be for the accompanying cheese . and perhaps some wine?
output: where is the cheese? i'd like to rip the baguette, so the knife must be for the accompanying cheese. and perhaps some wine?

input: what manufacturer made these lights?
target: where can i find both lights? please answer . what manufacturer made these lights?
output: where can i find both lights? please answer. what manufacturer made these lights?

input: what is behind the range .
target: what is behind the range . it is gorgeous . is it a oven door?
output: what is behind the range. it is gorgeous. is it a oven door?

input: what kind of material are the countertops made of and what is the color.
target: meleahdiemer@bellsouth.net . what kind of material are the countertops made of and what is the color. i love the look.
output: countertops. what kind of material are the countertops made of and what is the color. thanks

input: what is it called and where do i get it?
target: rock . i love the rock in the archway. what is it called and where do i get it?
output: rock. i love the rock in the archway. what is it called and where do i get it?

input: its exactly what i am looking for.
target: ktichen faucet . its exactly what i am looking for. can you tell me manufacturer? thank you!
output: ktichen faucet. its exactly what i am looking for. can you tell me manufacturer? thank you.

input: could you tell us what countertop and backsplash were chosen?
target: what countertop and backsplash were used? could you tell us what countertop and backsplash were chosen? i really like the veining and the gray colors.
output: countertop and backsplash. could you tell us what countertop and backsplash were chosen? we are having a difficult time with finding a countertop that is not butcher block. it is difficult finding a butcher block. thank you.

input: is there a stripused under the cabinets?
target: where are the receptacles?? i don’t see receptacles in the backsplash. is there a stripused under the cabinets?
output: where are the receptacles? ? i don't see receptacles in the backsplash. is there a stripused under the cabinets?

input: hi, what kind of wood are the lower cabinets and where are both coming from?
target: cabinets . hi, what kind of wood are the lower cabinets and where are both coming from? thanks you.
output: cabinets. hi, what kind of wood are the lower cabinets and where are both coming from? thanks you.

input: can you please identify the lamps over the island (by manufacturer and style name).
target: love your work! can you please id the lamps over the island? can you please identify the lamps over the island (by manufacturer and style name). thank you!
output: lamps over island. can you please identify the lamps over the island(by manufacturer and style name) . thank you.

input: what is the flooring in the picture?
target: what is the flooring in the picture? is it wood or lvt? what is the flooring in the picture? is it wood or lvt?
output: what is the flooring in the picture? is it wood or lvt? what is the flooring in the picture? is it wood or lvt?

input: can you tell me what the manufacturer is for the range hood cover.
target: love this kitchen . can you tell me what the manufacturer is for the range hood cover. love the shape and design.
output: love this kitchen. can you tell me what the manufacturer is for the range hood cover. and what is the material used for the range hood. i have 11 x 8 ft, 36" vinyl, 12" and 15" cabinets. i would like to know the manufacturer. thank you

input: what is the back splash behind the sink?
target: back splash . such a pretty kitchen! what is the back splash behind the sink?
output: back splash. what is the back splash behind the sink? just shiplap?

input: hi, what is the size of this island?
target: island size . hi, what is the size of this island? thanks in advance!
output: island. hi, what is the size of this island? thanks!

input: what is the depth of the base cabinet below window.
target: depth of cabinets . what is the depth of the base cabinet below window. looks less then standard
output: depth of cabinets. what is the depth of the base cabinet below window. looks less then standard

input: would you mind sharing the backsplash?
target: would you mind sharing the backsplash? it's all beautiful! backsplash
output: would you mind sharing the backsplash? it's all beautiful! backsplash

input: i am using cambria fieldstone on my island and was trying to et a complimentary color for the perimeter cabinets?
target: is the devon cambria have a gray tone? want to match with fieldstone? i am using cambria fieldstone on my island and was trying to et a complimentary color for the perimeter cabinets?
output: is the devon cambria have a gray tone? want to match with fieldstone? i am using cambria fieldstone on my island and was trying to et a complimentary color for the perimeter cabinets?

input: it looks like the ceiling and walls are the same color, is that correct?
target: wall and ceiling color . this is a beautiful, refreshing kitchen! it looks like the ceiling and walls are the same color, is that correct? i'd love to know the color. i love this job! thank you for sharing!
output: wall and ceiling color. this is a beautiful, refreshing kitchen! it looks like the ceiling and walls are the same color, is that correct? i'd love to know the color. thank you, and thanks for your help!

input: could u please tell me brand of wall oven.
target: wall oven . could u please tell me brand of wall oven. thank you.
output: wall oven. could u please tell me brand of wall oven. thank you.

input: i'm not sure what to do with the wall between a white hood and a regular stainless steel stove.
target: design for tiling with the basketweave tiles over a regular stainless steel stove . i found the tile at home depot but it is called bianca and i'm going for the honed tile. i'm not sure what to do with the wall between a white hood and a regular stainless steel stove. would it look good with a checkerboardof the l/2" marble squares that come on the same sheet. they are black, grey, brown (i think) all in one tile. i thought if i made an edge two tiles wide around the basketweave in the middle it would break up the wall between the hood and the stove which is a big enough space. what do you think? do you have a better idea?
output: i'm not sure sure what to do with the wall between a white hood and a regular stainless steel stove. i have white dove cabinets with painted white and white tile in the kitchen. i would like to do a similar look with white dove tile but don't like any it has. i don't want any messy messy dishes, and i don't want any kids with food.

input: can you tell me the dimensions of this kitchen?
target: love this kitchen! can you tell me the dimensions of this kitchen? we have a small kitchen and i think this might work for us.
output: dimensions. can you tell me the dimensions of this kitchen? also, the width of the island?

input: where does the tile come from and what is it called .
target: where does the tile come from and what is it called . i have a similar kitchen and we haven't installed a backsplash for years because i couldn't decide on one. this backsplash is beautiful. what is it called and where would one buy it.
output: where does the tile come from and what is it called. i have a similar kitchen and we haven't installed a backsplash for years because i couldn't decide on one. this backsplash is beautiful. what is it called and where would one buy it.

input: what is on the floor in front of the sink cabinet?
target: what is on the floor in front of the sink cabinet? looks like a step? a heat vent?
output: what is on the floor in front of the sink cabinet? looks like a step? a heat vent?

input: i would love to know what countertops you used in this kitchen.
target: countertops . i would love to know what countertops you used in this kitchen. looks great!
output: countertops. i would love to know what countertops you used in this kitchen. looks great!

input: how does it open?
target: love the window. how does it open? trying to tell if it's a double.hung and has to be lifted, or some other way. who makes it?
output: love the window. how does it open? trying to tell if it's a double. hung and has to be lifted, or some other way. who makes it?

input: can you tell me what the countertop is?
target: countertop . can you tell me what the countertop is? quartz? mable? quartzite? many thanks
output: countertop. can you tell me what the countertop is? quartz? mable? quartzite? many thanks

input: specifically, what is the piece between the cabinet and the crown molding?
target: what piece is being used to build up the cabinet height? specifically, what is the piece between the cabinet and the crown molding? thank you.
output: what piece is being used to build up the cabinet height? specifically, what is the piece between the cabinet and the crown molding? thank you.

input: what specific forevermark cabinet style is this?
target: what specific forevermark cabinet style is this? what forevermark cabinet is this? ice white shaker? how is the quality and how was installation?
output: what specific forevermark cabinet style is this? what forevermark cabinet is this? ice white shaker? how is the quality?

input: just curious about the island dimensions and how the access outside works from the kitchen.
target: dimensions of island and access to outside? love this project and seeing "sonoma" on houzz. we live in sebastopol. just curious about the island dimensions and how the access outside works from the kitchen. thanks!
output: dimensions of island and access to outside? just curious about the island dimensions and how the access outside works from the kitchen. thanks

input: can you provide ifo?
target: lights . beautiful pendants. can you provide ifo?
output: lights. beautiful pendants. can you provide ifo?

input: what is the make andamp.
target: refrigerator make and model. what is the make andamp. model of the refrigerator please.
output: refrigerator. what is the make andamp. model of the refrigerator?

input: can you please tell me about the island.
target: can you please tell me about the island. what is the wood and color . supplier would be helpful . i am in canada but i would like to get a wood sample of the stain . thank you!
output: can you please tell me about the island. what is the wood and color. supplier would be helpful. i am in canada but i would like to get a wood sample of the stain. thank you.

input: do you know the brand/style of them?
target: counter stool brand/style? beautiful kitchen! and love those counter stools! do you know the brand/style of them?
output: counter stool brand/style? this is a great kitchen. do you know the brand/style of them?

input: what is the floor material?
target: what is the floor material? is the floor tile or wood? and what color/stain is it?
output: what is the floor material? is the floor tile or wood? and what color/stain is it?

input: could you share what kind they are?
target: beautiful kitchen . especially love the marble tiles. could you share what kind they are?
output: great chairs! could you share what kind they are? thanks!

input: which material did you use for the island countertop?
target: island countertop . this is beautiful, as always. which material did you use for the island countertop?
output: island countertop. this is beautiful, as always. which material did you use for the island countertop?

input: what are these floors?
target: floors . what are these floors? just gorgeous.
output: floors. what are these floors? just gorgeous.

input: could you please tell me the maker and color of the tile backsplash.
target: tile backsplash please. could you please tell me the maker and color of the tile backsplash. thanks!
output: tile backsplash. could you please tell me the maker and color of the tile backsplash. thanks

input: can you share the flooring.
target: lovely kitchen. can you share the flooring. thanks
output: floors. can you share the flooring. thanks

input: island dimensions .
target: island dimensions . i would also like to know the island dimensions, if you could share that please. thanks so much, michelle
output: island dimensions. i would also like to know the island dimensions, if you could share that please. thanks so much, michelle

input: hello, could you please share the dimensions of this beautiful kitchen?
target: lovely kitchen! dimensions? hello, could you please share the dimensions of this beautiful kitchen?
output: dimensions. hello, could you please share the dimensions of this beautiful kitchen? your kitchen is stunning. thanks!

input: would you please tell me the name of the granite used in the kitchen as well as the blue tile?
target: granite and tile in kitchen . would you please tell me the name of the granite used in the kitchen as well as the blue tile? thank you.
output: granite and tile in kitchen. would you please tell me the name of the granite used in the kitchen as well as the blue tile? thank you.

input: what is your source?
target: cabinets? what is your source? they are gorgeous and we are also in minneapolis.
output: cabinets? what is your source? they are gorgeous and we are also in minneapolis. thanks

input: what are the counters and island topped with?
target: countertop materials? what are the counters and island topped with? thanks
output: countertop materials? what are the counters and island topped with? thanks

input: who was the maker?
target: island . that island is most beautiful and well used. who was the maker?
output: island. that is the largest size of these lights. who was the maker?

input: can you please tell me the name and manufacture r of the pendant lights over the island?
target: island pendants . model and manufacturer? can you please tell me the name and manufacture r of the pendant lights over the island? thank you
output: island pendants. model and manufacturer? can you please tell me the name and manufacture r of the pendant lights over the island? thank you

input: ), but do you have overall space dimensions?
target: kitchen dimension . gorgeous kitchen! do you mind sharing the dimensions? i saw your note about the island (thanks! ), but do you have overall space dimensions? thank you!
output: kitchen dimension. gorgeous kitchen! do you mind sharing the dimensions? i saw that you mention a priori, , but do you have overall space dimensions? i'm wondering what the dimensions of this kitchen is. thanks!

input: i've been trying to describe this to my architect and he insists on showing part of a bulkhead between the ceiling and cabinet which i don't like
target: coffered ceiling and cabinet crown juxtaposition . do you have a close up of the transition between the ceiling detail and the cabinet crown? i've been trying to describe this to my architect and he insists on showing part of a bulkhead between the ceiling and cabinet which i don't like
output: is there a seam at the top of the hood? i've been trying to describe this to my architect and he insists on showing part of a bulkhead between the ceiling and cabinet which i don't like

input: and color of the cabinets?
target: backsplash . what is the back splash? and color of the cabinets?
output: what is the kitchen? and color of the cabinets? thank you.

input: who is the manufacturer of these cabinets?
target: who is the manufacturer of these cabinets? nice. thank you.
output: who is the manufacturer of these cabinets? and the overall dimensions? thanks!

input: where can i found this lights?
target: beautiful chandelier . beautiful chandeliers. where can i found this lights?
output: where can i found this lights? what is the material? thank you!

input: what kind of windows are these?
target: windows . love this kitchen!!! what kind of windows are these?
output: windows. what kind of windows are these? what is the material?

input: what brand and material are they?
target: love the black frame windows. what brand and material are they? really great kitchen!
output: love the black frame windows. what brand and material are they? really great kitchen!

input: what are the countertops and paint in kitchen!
target: what are the countertops and paint in kitchen! countertop? paint?
output: countertops. what are the countertops and paint in kitchen! what is the stain color?

input: it’s very frustrating when designers don’t!
target: thank you for answering questions! i love this kitchen and just wanted to thank you for taking the time to answer questions. it’s very frustrating when designers don’t!
output: thank you for answering questions! i love this kitchen and just wanted to thank you for taking the time to answer questions. it’s very frustrating when designers don’t!

input: what color and type countertop and backsplash is used?
target: love the kitchen! what color and type countertop and backsplash is used? and the paint color ? thank you very much
output: love the kitchen! what color and type countertop and backsplash is used? and the paint color? thank you

input: i like the hardware on the cabinets, i am wondering if you can tell me where you got them.
target: where did you get the hardware for the cabinets? i like the hardware on the cabinets, i am wondering if you can tell me where you got them. thanks
output: where did you get the hardware for the cabinets? i like the hardware on the cabinets, i am wondering if you can tell me where you got them. thanks

input: is this tile or wallpaper on the backsplash?
target: backsplash? is this tile or wallpaper on the backsplash? can you tell me where it's from?
output: backsplash? is this tile or wallpaper on the backsplash? any idea?

input: is this custom?
target: hanging shelf? love the hanging shelf. is this custom?
output: hanging shelf? love the hanging shelf. is this custom?

input: can you please tell me where i can purchase the islands stools and the hanging lights?
target: island stools and lights . can you please tell me where i can purchase the islands stools and the hanging lights? thank you! beautiful kitchen!!
output: island stools and lights. can you please tell me where i can purchase the islands stools and the hanging lights? thank you!

input: what is the name of the tile on the back wall andamp.
target: rock wall . what is the name of the tile on the back wall andamp. color please?
output: rock wall. what is the name of the tile on the back wall andamp. color please?

input: where did you find the pendant lights above the island?
target: where did you find the pendant lights above the island? we just remodeled our kitchen and the old pendants we thought we would reuse do not work. the ones in your photo work much better.
output: where did you find the pendant lights above the island? we are building a home and i would love to use these lights. thank you.

input: is the finish on the cabinets a semi gloss or high gloss?
target: cabinet finishea . is the finish on the cabinets a semi gloss or high gloss? thanks.
output: is the finish on the cabinets a semi gloss or high gloss? i have a client that wants a medium gloss cabinet and this color works beautifully. thanks

input: can you please tell me about the beautiful arched window?
target: lovely design! can you please tell me about the beautiful arched window? brand, color, source, etc? thank you
output: lovely design! can you please tell me about the beautiful arched window? brand, color, source, etc? thank you

input: what wood is the cabinet made of.
target: cabinets . hi this is such a beautiful house. what wood is the cabinet made of. where can i source the cabinets?
output: cabinets. hi this is such a beautiful house. what wood is the cabinet made of. where can i source the cabinets?

input: can i ask what color are the walls in this kitchen?
target: wall paint? i was told that since i went with white cabinets that any white paint will look dingy. you have proved that so wrong! can i ask what color are the walls in this kitchen? i also love the gray grout here. i just may do that.
output: wall paint? i was told that since i went with white cabinets that any white paint will look dingy. you have proved that so wrong! can i ask what color are the walls in this kitchen? i also love the gray grout here. thank you

input: or is there a spec sheet on how to build it.
target: is this unit available purchase? i have a customer wanting a compost/trash combo and they came across your picture and love it. is this available for purchase? or is there a spec sheet on how to build it. great idea! thanks
output: is this unit available purchase? i have a customer wanting a compost/trash combo and they came across your picture and love it. is this available for purchase? or is there a spec sheet on how to build it. great idea!

input: looks like the sidemount guides need to open an additional 6" or more to allow the removal of the waste basket?
target: additional photo? is there another photo showing this opened all the way? is the back basket able to be removed? looks like the sidemount guides need to open an additional 6" or more to allow the removal of the waste basket? thanks!
output: additional photo? is there another photo showing this opened all the way? is there another photo that would show it? looks like the sidemount guides need to open an additional 6" or more to allow the removal of the waste basket? thanks!

input: are there any manufactures like rev.a.shelf that have this?
target: where can i find plans for this? we are avid composters and i want a pull out trash drawer that has a compost bin that has storage under it. are there any manufactures like rev.a.shelf that have this? or would it have to be custom built?
output: where can i find plans for this? we are avid composters and i want a pull out trash drawer that has a compost bin that has storage under it. are there any manufactures like rev. a. shelf that have this? or would it have to be custom built?

input: is that the oven immediately to the left of the fridge?
target: is that the oven immediately to the left of the fridge? thinking about redesigning our kitchen in the future, andamp. considering having a double oven almost right next to the fridge. i think i've read there are ways to do that now without it being inefficient. we don't want the cold.generating fridge and the heat.generating oven "fighting" each other. is this doable?
output: is that the oven immediately to the left of the fridge? thinking about redesigning our kitchen in the future, andamp. considering having a double oven almost right next to the fridge. i think i've read there are ways to do that now without it being inefficient. we don't want the cold. generating a heat. generating oven in an energycoche. i

input: curious as to the ceiling height?
target: ceiling height? again, kuddos on this amazing kitchen, i think it is one of the best on houzz and i cannot stop looking at it. curious as to the ceiling height? thank you again for being so forthcoming with answers to all of our questions.
output: ceiling height? question on ceiling height? curious as to the ceiling height? due to the custom flooring, i have a 9 foot ceiling that is 10 feet tall. i want to achieve this same look in my kitchen but don't like the idea. thanks

input: any idea to share would appreciate?
target: what is the wall color? i have to remodel my kitchen cabinets due to water damage. opted for white cabinets but struggling on wall color and backsplash. any idea to share would appreciate?
output: what is the wall color? i have to remodel my kitchen cabinets due to water damage. any idea to share would appreciate?

input: can you please tell me the color of the cabinets?
target: beautiful cabinets . can you please tell me the color of the cabinets? this kitchen is stunning!
output: cabinets. can you please tell me the color of the cabinets? this is the exact color i'm looking for!

input: where are these from?
target: island lighting . beautiful pendants! where are these from?
output: stools. where are these from? thanks!

input: have the home owners had any issues with the countertops considering the largeness of them?
target: have the home owners had any problems with the countertops? considering a large island using cambria torquay. i have read some reviews about cracking do to lack of support. have the home owners had any issues with the countertops considering the largeness of them? thank you!
output: have the home owners had any problems with the countertops? considering a large island using cambria torquay. i have read some reviews about cracking do to lack of support. have the home owners had any issues with the countertops considering the largeness of them? thank you!

input: what color and type of cabinets are they?
target: what color is your cabinets . what color and type of cabinets are they? they are lovely.
output: what color is your cabinets. what color and type of cabinets are they? they are lovely.

input: what type of cabinets are these?
target: cabinets . what type of cabinets are these? brand? color?
output: cabinets. what type of cabinets are these? color?

input: what is the make/model of the ss exhaust ?
target: nice! what is the make/model of the ss exhaust ? thanks!
output: nice! what is the make/model of the ss exhaust? thanks!

input: love this kitchen, how did you handle the backsplash around the window .
target: love this kitchen, how did you handle the backsplash around the window . does it continue into the window well? or did you use an edge of some type?
output: love this kitchen, how did you handle the backsplash around the window. does it continue into the window well? or did you use an edge of some type?

input: can you tell me about the backsplash and how i could find it?
target: backsplash . can you tell me about the backsplash and how i could find it? thanks!
output: backsplash. can you tell me about the backsplash and how i could find it? thanks

input: can you please share the countertop details ?
target: countertop . gorgeous kitchen !! can you please share the countertop details ?
output: countertop. can you please share the countertop details? thank you: )

input: what color is the paint on the cabinet above the sink?
target: paint of upper cabinet . i viewed hundreds of photos on houzz and this is my favorite! what color is the paint on the cabinet above the sink? what's the color name for the white color? thanks!
output: paint of upper cabinet. what color is the paint on the cabinet above the sink? looks great!

input: what brand is the stove vent?
target: stove vent . what brand is the stove vent? the kitchen is beautiful.
output: stove vent. what brand is the stove vent? and what is the height of the wall?

input: can u tell me what the drawer pulls are .
target: this is a spectacular kitchen! can u tell me what the drawer pulls are . bravo on such an amazing transformation. i love everything about this kitchen
output: this is a spectacular kitchen! can u tell me what the drawer pulls are. bravo on such an amazing transformation. i love everything about this kitchen

input: model and trim kit?
target: microwave . microwave brand andamp. model and trim kit? thanks
output: microwave. microwave brand andamp. model and trim kit? thanks

input: did you paint the track and heads to match the beams?
target: what kind of track lighting is that? did you paint the track and heads to match the beams? looking for lighting solutions for my house and we have very similar ceilings.
output: what kind of track lighting is that? did you paint the track and heads to match the beams? looks great!

input: where can i get ut,what is it called?i'm remodeling my mcm kitchen and i want black slate floors but i already bought a quartz as countertop.
target: backsplash . the marble backsplash in bathroom,is it walker zanger? where can i get ut,what is it called?i'm remodeling my mcm kitchen and i want black slate floors but i already bought a quartz as countertop. frosty carrina. but can i have a marble backsplash if i only have quartz counter with waterfall. from my keeping room. only opened space so far.
output: backsplash. the marble backsplash in bathroom, is it walker zanger? where can i get ut, what is it called? i'm remodeling my mcm kitchen and i want black slate floors but i already bought a quartz as countertop. frosty carrina. but can i have a marble backsplash if i only have quartz counter with waterfall. from

input: can i tell me the colour and make of flooring?
target: flooring . can i tell me the colour and make of flooring? is it slightly grey?? also the pendant light. where are those from. so beautiful
output: flooring. can i tell me the colour and make of flooring? is it slightly grey? ? also the pendant light. where are those from. so beautiful

input: could you share the dimensions of the island please?
target: island measurements? could you share the dimensions of the island please? thanks!
output: dimensions. island please? could you share the dimensions of the island please?

input: it’s hard to tell what the different sizes will look like when looking at a small sample.
target: backsplash size . do you know the dimensions of the custom backsplash? i love the chevron look but the small tiles seem really small (1x4) and the large tiles (2x9) are huge. we are going to have them custom made as well but need to narrow down the right size. it’s hard to tell what the different sizes will look like when looking at a small sample. absolutely love yours! thanks.
output: backsplash size. hi, i love this kitchen. it’s hard to tell what the different sizes will look like when looking at a small sample. what is the size of the backsplash? it’s hard to tell what the different sizes will look like when looking at a small sample. thanks!

input: would you mind telling me where that gold trim is from for the backsplash that frames out that tile under the hood?
target: gold trim under the hood! love this kitchen! would you mind telling me where that gold trim is from for the backsplash that frames out that tile under the hood?
output: gold trim under the hood. would you mind telling me where that gold trim is from for the backsplash that frames out that tile under the hood?

input: what's the name/color/manufacturer of the backsplash?
target: backsplash . great kitchen. what's the name/color/manufacturer of the backsplash?
output: backsplash. great kitchen. what's the name/color/manufacturer of the backsplash?

input: what is the dimension of the island?
target: island dimension . what is the dimension of the island? thanks in advance.
output: dimensions. what is the dimension of the island? thanks.

input: where is the kitchen hood vent from?
target: hood! where is the kitchen hood vent from? where is the kitchen hood from?
output: where is the kitchen hood vent from? i have been looking for a way to conceal the hood in an attractive design. i have looked at stacked aluminum windows on a farm house and have chosen a simple, narrow, 48" hood. i am concerned about the hood being in the kitchen of the butcher block. any suggestions would be appreciated. thanks!

input: color?
target: please green cabinet name brand and color and name brand of cabinet . please will you share the cabinet (greenish) name brand andamp. color? thank you
output: please green cabinets. please please please. color? please will you share the floors andamp. color?

input: what stain is on the floors and would you mind sharing any details about the brick backsplash??
target: so glad this is posted here!! i saved this kitchen several times but haven't been able to find it on houzz!! what stain is on the floors and would you mind sharing any details about the brick backsplash?? love this kitchen so so so so much!
output: brick backsplash. what stain is on the floors and would you mind sharing any details about the brick backsplash? ? love the cabinets!

input: what is the name of the countertops?
target: name of countertops . what is the name of the countertops? are they quartz?
output: love this kitchen! what is the name of the countertops? and cabinet color?

input: was curious how you got the floating shelves to stay in the brick?
target: shelves on brick . was curious how you got the floating shelves to stay in the brick? are they drilled in?
output: shelves on brick. was curious how you got the floating shelves to stay in the brick? are they drilled in?

input: also, what color is the paint?
target: sink . please explain more about the window above the sink. also, what color is the paint?
output: sink. please explain more about the window above the sink. also, what color is the paint?

input: thank you for length dimension of the island, but what is width also?
target: width of island dimension? thank you for length dimension of the island, but what is width also? please also the walkway on either side of island. overall kitchen dimensions? thanks!
output: width of island dimension? thank you for length dimension of the island, but what is width also? please also the walkway on either side of island. overall kitchen dimensions? thanks!

input: hi there, can you please tell me where the lantern lights are from?
target: light fixtures . hi there, can you please tell me where the lantern lights are from? thank you for your time.
output: light fixtures. hi there, can you please tell me where the lantern lights are from? thank you for your time.

input: what is it?
target: countertops . i love the countertop on the perimeter. what is it?
output: countertops. i love the countertop on the perimeter. what is it?

input: looks like glass but beveled or warped somehow.
target: pretty! the backsplash. looks like glass but beveled or warped somehow. what can you tell me about it? thanks! it's visually interesting.
output: pretty! the backsplash. looks like glass but beveled or warped somehow. what can you tell me about it? thanks! it's visually interesting.

input: can you tell me the dimensions of the island and how far it is from the sink counter?
target: size of the island . beautiful kitchen! can you tell me the dimensions of the island and how far it is from the sink counter? thanks.
output: dimensions. beautiful kitchen! can you tell me the dimensions of the island and how far it is from the sink counter? thanks!

input: where did you get it?
target: love the pot rack! love the pot rack? where did you get it?
output: hood vent. love the hood vent. where did you get it?

input: dimensions of kitchen/dining area?
target: dimensions of kitchen/dining area? just wondering the dimensions of this area and possibly the dimensions of the island. it looks like a very good use of space and open concept makes it seem spacious. love the entire space this became the main concept for my potential housing build.
output: dimensions of kitchen/dining area? just wondering the dimensions of this area and possibly the dimensions of the entire space. it looks like there is no fridge, even if 36" , is there a pantry?

input: is slate or tile above stove?
target: is slate or tile above stove? name and maker? love colors and matte finish
output: is slate or tile above stove? name and maker? thank you

input: mr. anderson, can you tell me if this sort of grid pattern with stone/tile and wood is hard to execute?
target: beautiful! mr. anderson, can you tell me if this sort of grid pattern with stone/tile and wood is hard to execute? i have been told that it is difficult because of the expansion/contraction of the wood with the mortar joints. thanks.
output: i am being discougaged by most people in the counter top field of using this kitchen. mr. anderson, can you tell me if this sort of grid pattern with stone/tile and wood is hard to execute? i live in salem and would like to know the approximate square footage of the tile and flooring if possible. thanks!

input: can you tell me about the chairs?
target: can you tell me about the chairs? brand . where to find?
output: chairs. can you tell me about the chairs? brand. where they?

input: i see your comment not remembering the colour, however i am wondering if you achieved this with a special paint or a stain?
target: is the cabinet finished with stain or paint? i see your comment not remembering the colour, however i am wondering if you achieved this with a special paint or a stain? thank you for your time. i love this wood reveal with color.
output: what is the colour of the floor? i see your comment not remembering the colour, however i am wondering if you achieved this with a special paint or a stain? thank you. this is a beautiful kitchen,

input: what finish and color is on the cabinets?
target: this kitchen is amazing. what finish and color is on the cabinets? i'd like to know more about the cabinet color. any details would be great.
output: what finish and color is on the cabinets? looks great with the dark cabinets. what finish and color is on the cabinets?

input: who makes the hood range?
target: who makes the hood range? what is the material? copper?
output: who makes the hood range? who makes the hood range? and what is the material?

input: what is the color, make and style?
target: cabinets . beautiful cabinets. what is the color, make and style? thank you.
output: cabinets. beautiful cabinets. what is the color, make and style? thank you.

input: also wondering how wide the window is?
target: beautiful kitchen! how wide is the island? also wondering how wide the window is?
output: width of island and width of island. what is the width of the island? also wondering how wide the window is?

input: what are the dimensions of the aisle widths?
target: what are the dimensions of the aisle widths? thank you . just lovely!
output: what are the dimensions of the aisle widths? thank you. just lovely!

input: curious how the finish has held up in the kitchen and if you felt it required alot of maintenance or not?
target: durability and maintenance of flooring . i am interested in putting this flooring in the majority of our new construction home. curious how the finish has held up in the kitchen and if you felt it required alot of maintenance or not? thank you!
output: durability and maintenance of flooring. i am interested in putting this flooring in the majority of our new construction home. curious how the finish has held up in the kitchen and if you felt it required alot of maintenance or not? thank you!

input: what's in the door in the corner next to the microwave?
target: hidden door . beautiful design. what's in the door in the corner next to the microwave? additional cabinet space?
output: hidden door. beautiful design. what's in the door in the corner next to the microwave?

input: what are the dimensions of the kitchen?
target: kitchen dimensions . what are the dimensions of the kitchen? and, the banquette area? thanks!
output: kitchen dimensions. what are the dimensions of the kitchen? and, the banquette area? thanks!

input: do you think they put out enough good amount for light if i don't have my recessed lights on?
target: love your kitchen! i'm considering purchasing 2 of the small victorian pendents from restoration hardware. do you think they put out enough good amount for light if i don't have my recessed lights on?
output: do you think they put out enough good amount for light if i don't have my recessed lights on? and what is the actual size of the lights? this is perfect.

input: would you please tell me the ceiling height of the kitchen ?
target: ceiling height? would you please tell me the ceiling height of the kitchen ? thank you!
output: ceiling height? would you please tell me the ceiling height of the kitchen? thanks!

input: what is the paint color and are the walls and trim the same?
target: love the color on the cabinets. what is the paint color and are the walls and trim the same? thanks
output: love the colors, great use of space. what is the paint color and are the walls and trim the same? what is the paint color and are the walls and trim the same?

input: love then color of cabinets, looks great.what color did you use for the cabinets?
target: lovely kitchen. love then color of cabinets, looks great.what color did you use for the cabinets? thank you for sharing.
output: love then color of cabinets, looks great. what color did you use for the cabinets? thanks

input: this is a terrifc kitchen.are the cabinets custom?
target: this is a terrifc kitchen.are the cabinets custom? if not, who are they by? thanks for your help!
output: this is a terrifc kitchen. are the cabinets custom? if not, who are they by? thanks for your help!

input: i am thnking of a similar configuration and was wondering what yours is.
target: microwave area . what is size of microwave and the cabinet to left (width and depth?). i am thnking of a similar configuration and was wondering what yours is. pros and cons in use? what is the left (pull.out?) cabinet used for?
output: is there a product on the ceiling tile? i am thnking of a similar configuration and was wondering what yours is. pros and cons in use? what is the configuration?

input: what is the island constructed of and the stain of choice?
target: what is the island constructed of and the stain of choice? love the contrast against the light cabinets. thanks!
output: island. what is the island constructed of and the stain of choice? thanks!

input: could you give me a manufacturer's name?
target: i love the counter stools? could you give me a manufacturer's name? thank you!
output: i love the counter stools? could you give me a manufacturer's name? thank you!

input: are the wall and trim colors the same as the cabinets ie hazy skies?
target: are the wall and trim colors the same as the cabinets ie hazy skies? if not, what colors are they? also, could you share your backsplash tile choice? thank you . the kitchen is gorgeous!
output: are the wall and trim colors the same as the cabinets ie hazy skies? if not, what colors are they? also are they stained with a latex or latex? thank you.

input: if not, is this kitchen dark?
target: beautiful kitchen! i don't see any lighting other than the gorgeous pendant. is there other lighting? if not, is this kitchen dark? thank you!
output: beautiful room! i don't see any lighting other than the gorgeous pendant. is there other lighting? if not, is this kitchen dark? i like the idea.

input: can you share with us the dimensions of this room?
target: dimensions of room? can you share with us the dimensions of this room? (not including the eating nook area. its lovely . thanks.
output: dimensions of room? can you share with us the dimensions of this room? also, what is the size of the room? thanks.

input: who is the maker and what is the color.
target: what a beautiful kitchen. would you mind sharing the floors? who is the maker and what is the color. thanks . love this kitchen!
output: what is the cabinet color. who is the maker and what is the color. thanks.

input: i realize someone asked this already but i don't see an answer.do you know the wood species and the stain that was used on the island?
target: beautiful cabinets! i realize someone asked this already but i don't see an answer.do you know the wood species and the stain that was used on the island? i really like it a lot! thanks!
output: i realize someone asked this already but i don't see an answer. do you know the wood species and the stain that was used on the island? i really like it a lot! thanks!

input: beautiful do you know the supplier and what they are called— where incan purchase??
target: light fixture is beautiful . beautiful do you know the supplier and what they are called— where incan purchase?? just a beautiful room!
output: light fixtures. the light fixtures are beautiful. beautiful do you know the supplier and what they are called—where incan purchase? ? just a beautiful room!

input: great barn door hardware, do you recall the source?
target: great barn door hardware, do you recall the source? thank you . great barn door hardware, do you recall the source? thank you
output: great barn door hardware, do you recall the source? thank you. great barn door hardware, do you recall the source? thank you

input: where and how would you storage them?
target: where would you put spices? my spices are all over the kitchen and the pantry. where and how would you storage them?
output: where would you put spices? my spices are all over the kitchen and the pantry. where and how would you storage them?

input: is there a difference in storing pasta, nuts, flour etc.
target: storage containers . is there a difference in storing pasta, nuts, flour etc. in glass or plastic containers? does one keep things fresher?
output: storage containers. is there a difference in storing pasta, nuts, flour etc. in glass or plastic containers? does one keep things fresher?

input: what will those drawers be used to store?
target: drawers . interesting idea to have drawers in a pantry. what will those drawers be used to store?
output: drawers. interesting idea to have drawers in a pantry. what will those drawers be used to store?

input: how deep are these shelves?
target: depth . how deep are these shelves? thanks.
output: depth. how deep are these shelves? thanks.

input: but where can i find the cereal containers?
target: i know where to find the bottled water . and it's delicious! but where can i find the cereal containers? thanks!
output: i know where to find the bottled water. and it's delicious! but where can i find the cereal containers? thanks!

input: is easy to see the spices at a glance .
target: where can i find those spice 'steps' ? i love those 'steps' . is easy to see the spices at a glance . i like your way of organizing them in alphabetical order as well! very 'neat' indeed.)
output: where can i find those spice' steps' ? i love those' steps' . is easy to see the spices at a glance. i like your way of organizing them in alphabetical order as well! very' neat' indeed. )

input: do you know if there has been a slight change?
target: london sky quartz . i’m wondering if anyone else has noticed a difference in original “london sky” by zodiac and the current product since corian bought the zodiac company. i ordered the exact subway tiles and a 12x12 sample of the corian “london sky”. it’s seems too grayish cream to me. do you know if there has been a slight change?
output: london sky quartz. do you know if there has been a slight change? thank you!

input: what kinds of countertops are these.materials etc
target: cabinet manufacturers . what cabinet manufacturers did you use? is there a brand you can share? what kinds of countertops are these.materials etc
output: countertops. what kinds of countertops are these. materials etc

input: i was wondering where you found the leather to recover the stools.
target: barstools upholstery . i was wondering where you found the leather to recover the stools. can you share your source for the leather and upholstery ?
output: seating. this is perfect. i was wondering where you found the leather to recover the stools. thanks

input: i'm looking for a 32.33" farm sink and am wondering which you used and why.
target: which farm sink did you use? love, love, love this kitchen! beautiful job and thank you for taking the time to answer the questions! so helpful. i'm looking for a 32.33" farm sink and am wondering which you used and why. thanks so much!
output: i love this kitchen. i'm looking for a 32.33" farm sink and am wondering which you used and why. thanks!

input: can you please tell me where to order the chandeliers?
target: love the chandeliers!! where to purchase them? hello! this kitchen is brilliant!! can you please tell me where to order the chandeliers? thank you!!
output: chandeliers. can you please tell me where to order the chandeliers? thank you.

input: in a smaller size kitchen with 10' ceilings, what should be the focal point?
target: beautiful and timeless! you have a great sense of design! what type of edge was used on the countertops? why did you use quartzite on perimeter and quartz on island? are both surfaces polished? is back splash honed or polished? in a smaller size kitchen with 10' ceilings, what should be the focal point? thank you for all the time you spend answering our questions:)
output: in a smaller size kitchen with 10' ceilings, what should be the focal point? i have a 9' ceiling that is 10' ceilings, and this is my dream kitchen. thank you

input: what is the size of the island?
target: what is the size of the island? beautiful kitchen! love the two heights of the counter/island!
output: love this kitchen. what is the size of the island? i love the seating space.

input: can you tell me the brand of pendant light over the island .
target: can you tell me the brand of pendant light over the island . very interested in the large scale cage design with mixed metals. thank you
output: can you tell me the brand of pendant light over the island. thanks. love the whole look.

input: hello, can you please tell me what the distance is between the cabinets and the countertops .
target: great looking kitchen! hello, can you please tell me what the distance is between the cabinets and the countertops . and also how high off from the stove is the vent hood. thank you very much.
output: distance from countertops. hello, can you please tell me what the distance is between the cabinets and the countertops. and also how high off from the stove is the vent hood. thank you very much.

input: wondering where you got those beautiful lights over your island from.
target: what kind of hardwood floor is that? color? it’s beautiful! wondering where you got those beautiful lights over your island from. where they from wayfair also? great job!
output: where can i find those beautiful lights over your island from. just love the positioning of the lights on the island. wondering where you got those beautiful lights over your island from. where can i find them? thanks

input: what brand and color is it?
target: hi, i love the hardwood floor. what brand and color is it? thanks
output: i love the counter tops and backsplash! what brand and color is it? thank you

input: what is the ceiling height in this house?
target: love this! ceiling question. what is the ceiling height in this house?
output: ceiling. what is the ceiling height in this house? thanks!

input: what color is the island cabinet .
target: i love everything about this kitchen. what color is the island cabinet . i love everything about this kitchen. what color is the island cabinet?
output: i love everything about this kitchen. what color is the island cabinet. i love everything about this kitchen. what color is the island cabinet?

input: where did you get that refrigerator?
target: refrigerator . where did you get that refrigerator? approx cost?
output: refrigerator. where did you get that refrigerator? approx cost?

input: can you tell me the color of the paint used in this kitchen?
target: our new kitchen . can you tell me the color of the paint used in this kitchen? what kind of paint?
output: our new kitchen. can you tell me the color of the paint used in this kitchen? what is the color name of it? thank you

input: what is the colour of the island .
target: what is the colour of the island . i know in other responses you said it is dovetail but i have a swatch of dovetail in front of me and it looks much lighter on your cabinet. just wondering why?
output: what is the colour of the island. i know in other responses you said it is dovetail but i have a swatch of dovetail in front of me and it looks much lighter on your cabinet. this is my what what is the colour of the island. it is not painted white, that is important, but it is important to the cabinet. thanks!

input: where can these be purchased from?
target: barstools? where can these be purchased from? thank you!
output: barstools? where can these be purchased from? thank you.

input: what is he color of the cabinets and the name of the granite?
target: what is he color of the cabinets and the name of the granite? i really would like to know the cabinet color. i have almost identical cabinets in a khaki/green and want gray. please help!! it's a beautiful kitchen.just my style. thanks, sue ruhle
output: what is he color of the cabinets and the name of the granite? i would like to know the cabinet color. thanks

input: can you tell me who make the hanging light.
target: light . can you tell me who make the hanging light. thank you !
output: light. can you tell me who make the hanging light. thank you.

input: what is the spacing between the island and the back wall of solid cabinets, and between island and sink counter?
target: isle width . what is the spacing between the island and the back wall of solid cabinets, and between island and sink counter? thanks!
output: spacing. what is the spacing between the island and the back wall of solid cabinets, and between island and sink counter? thanks!

input: i was wondering if you remember if the dw on the cabinets ended up looking warmer/creamy or cooler/grey?
target: cabinet colour . hello! love this kitchen. i was wondering if you remember if the dw on the cabinets ended up looking warmer/creamy or cooler/grey? i currently painted my cabinets chantilly lace and it’s too sterile for me. i’ve now purchased dw, and hoping it will be darker than cl but not creamy (countertops are white with grey veins). thanks so much
output: i was wondering if you remember if the dw on the cabinets ended up looking warmer/creamy or cooler/grey? i am trying to achieve this look in my kitchen. thanks,

input: what colour are the cabinets?
target: colour . what colour are the cabinets? thanks!
output: cabinets. what colour are the cabinets? are they glazed or clear? thanks!

input: we would all like to know which white?
target: cabinet and trim colour . we know the cabinets and trim are “white”. we would all like to know which white? there’s a million of them.
output: cabinet doors. we have white painted cabinets and doors trying to match with cabinets. we would all like to know which white? there's a million of these, and i know they are. thanks!

input: love the fabric on the window treatment, any idea what it is?
target: window treatment fabric . love the fabric on the window treatment, any idea what it is? thanks!
output: window treatment fabric. love the fabric on the window treatment, any idea what it is? thanks!

input: what paint color are the cabinets and what off white pruner color are the walls?
target: colors . i love the colors! what paint color are the cabinets and what off white pruner color are the walls?
output: wall and cabinet color. what paint color are the cabinets and what off white pruner color are the walls?

input: do you know the colour used for the cabinets and trim?
target: cabinet colour . what a beautiful kitchen! do you know the colour used for the cabinets and trim? thank you!
output: cabinet colour. what a beautiful kitchen! do you know the colour used for the cabinets and trim? thank you.

input: where did these come from?
target: bar stools? where did these come from? they are beautiful.
output: vases? where did these come from? they are beautiful.

input: can you please tell me the brand/color of paint for the yellow walls in the forefront of this picture?
target: yellow walls . beautiful kitchen! can you please tell me the brand/color of paint for the yellow walls in the forefront of this picture?
output: yellow walls. beautiful kitchen! can you please tell me the brand/color of paint for the yellow walls in the forefront of this picture?

input: are the frames silver and where can i find them?
target: framed photos . love the photo gallery on the back wall! are the frames silver and where can i find them?
output: framed photos. love the photo gallery on the back wall! are the frames silver and where can i find them?

input: what is the color of the ceilings?
target: what is the color of the ceilings? love it!! thank you!
output: what is the color of the ceilings? love the look. where can i get the sheets?

input: is that a delta faucet?
target: beautifully detailed kitchen . the overall look here is very pretty. is that a delta faucet?
output: is that a delta faucet? if so, what is the finish? thank you.

input: where is the rug in front of the sink from??
target: where is the rug in front of the sink from?? i love it! where is the rug in front of the sink from?? i love it!
output: where is the rug in front of the sink from? ? where is the rug in front of the sink from? ? i would like to know where it's from? thanks.

input: could you tell me the manufacture and style name.
target: the chairs. could you tell me the manufacture and style name. thanks . do they come in table height?
output: love the chairs. could you tell me the manufacture and style name. thanks

input: if is laminete what brand and color?
target: hello!! what type of floor ? is it laminate or wood? if is laminete what brand and color?
output: hello! ! what is the floor? if is laminete what brand and color?

input: can you please share the island dimensions, especially the width of the eating area?
target: island dimensions . can you please share the island dimensions, especially the width of the eating area? thank you.
output: island dimensions. can you please share the island dimensions, especially the width of the eating area? thank you.

input: i'd really like to know what kind of marble the backsplash is.
target: phenomenal backsplash! love everything you've done here. i'd really like to know what kind of marble the backsplash is. gorgeous work!
output: phenomenal backsplash! i'd really like to know what kind of marble the backsplash is. and what is the color? thanks!

input: what kind of countertop is on the island?
target: countertop island . what kind of countertop is on the island? is it 2 inches thickness?
output: countertop island. what kind of countertop is on the island? is it 2 inches thickness?

input: what is the name/brand of the blue color in both the kitchen and pantry/broom closet?
target: color in pantry/ kitchen . what is the name/brand of the blue color in both the kitchen and pantry/broom closet? laurie, kansas
output: color in pantry/kitchen. what is the name/brand of the blue color in both the kitchen and pantry/broom closet? laurie, kansas

input: what are the overall dimensions of the pantry?
target: pantry closet . what is behind the door? broom closet? shelves? how deep is it? what are the overall dimensions of the pantry?
output: pantry closet. what is behind the door? what are the overall dimensions of the pantry?

input: i am having this island replicated for my kitchen and i was curious as to what color this one is.
target: can you tell me if this island is painted or stained? i am having this island replicated for my kitchen and i was curious as to what color this one is. thank you.
output: can you tell me the paint color on the island? i am having this island replicated for my kitchen and i was curious as to what color this one is. thank you,

input: do you know the make, and/or dimensions?
target: upper cabinet microwave? do you know the make, and/or dimensions? i am looking to install a microwave either built.in, or on a shelf in the upper cabinets in my kitchen. i can have the cabinet customized if necessary to the appropriate depth, but it can't stick out very far as it will cut down on isle space.so i am looking for 12.14 in depth. wondering if this one would fit the bill.
output: upper cabinet microwave? do you know the make, and/or dimensions? i am looking to install a microwave either built. in, or on a shelf in the upper cabinets in my kitchen. i can have the cabinet customized if necessary to the appropriate depth, but it's hard to tell for sure. thanks.

input: is the center island tabled fixed to the floor or does the weight of the stone/table keep it in place?
target: center island? is the center island tabled fixed to the floor or does the weight of the stone/table keep it in place? if fixed, what method was used? thanks!
output: center island? is the center island tabled fixed to the floor or does the weight of the stone/table keep it in place? if fixed, what method was used? thanks!

input: what is the edge detail of the marble on you island and the perimeter cabinets?
target: what is the edge detail of the marble on you island and the perimeter cabinets? love the look . having a hard time on selling my husband on an ogee edge. he likes "the cove". i know there are many variations of the ogee. maybe i can sell him with your kitchen. beautiful!
output: what is the edge detail of the marble on you island and the perimeter cabinets? love the look. what is the edge detail of the marble on you island and the perimeter cabinets?

input: where did you get it???
target: this island ❤ . i'm in love with this island. where did you get it??? this will be perfect in my kitchen
output: this is such a beautiful kitchen! where did you get it? ? ? this is the best kitchen i've ever seen!

input: just wondering size and if it would fit in our space??
target: love the space! do you know dimensions of the 2 rooms? my l.shaped kitchen is 11.5 * 11.3 with a half wall and walkway leading into the dining room, same as this picture but the half wall (6.5 long) is on the other side of the room, the right of this picture and there is a bearing wall on the right. we (hubby and i) are debating/arguing between an island or peninsula but this has both. just wondering size and if it would fit in our space?? thanks!!!
output: love the space! do you know dimensions of the 2 rooms? my l. shaped kitchen is 11.5* 11.3 with a half wall and walkway leading into the dining room. just wondering size and if it would fit in our space? ? we're having one in our kitchen and i'm considering standing at one point. thank you in advance!

input: if so, what would be he color and product that would look the most like carrera marble.
target: i am being discougaged by most people in the counter top field of using carrera. marble. they say to porous a . i see marble being used a lot and i have been discouraged i keep hearing of moisture and acidic acid , red wine and so on staning it. i lov he look , should i be dissuaded on practicality? if so, what would be he color and product that would look the most like carrera marble. i appreciate your help.
output: i have the same backsplash and backsplash. is this feasible with a built in soapstone? if so, what would be he color and product that would look the most like carrera marble. thank you.

input: what is the stain color and finish on these pine floors?
target: floor finish . what is the stain color and finish on these pine floors? the floor is exactly what i'm looking for!
output: floor finish. what is the stain color and finish on these pine floors? the floor is exactly what i'm looking for!

input: is the microwave built in to a standard depth wall cabinet?
target: is the microwave built in to a standard depth wall cabinet? if so, what's the micro make and model? is the microwave built in to a standard depth wall cabinet? if so, what's the micro make andamp. model?
output: is the microwave built in to a standard depth wall cabinet? if so, what's the micro make and model? is the microwave built in to a standard depth wall cabinet? if so, what's the micro make andamp. model?

input: what are dimensions of this kitchen?
target: what are dimensions of this kitchen? i love this layout and design! i hope i can do this in our kitchen!
output: what are dimensions of this kitchen? i love this layout and design! what are dimensions of this kitchen?

input: can you tell me what are the measurements of the beautiful island?
target: can you tell me what are the measurements of the beautiful island? width. length and heigth. thank you.
output: can you tell me what are the measurements of the beautiful island? width. length and heigth. thank you.

input: do you have photos of the refrigerator area?
target: this looks similar to layout of my kitchen.only much more beautiful! do you have photos of the refrigerator area? would love to see how that area looks too. thank you! stephanie
output: this looks similar to layout of my kitchen. only much more beautiful! do you have photos of the refrigerator area? would love to see how that area looks too. thank you!

input: if so, what is it please and who makes it?
target: beautiful flooring! is it new? if so, what is it please and who makes it? thank you!
output: granite? is this granite or quartz? if so, what is it please and who makes it? thank you.

input: is that just a wood panel on the front?
target: is that a farmhouse sink? is that just a wood panel on the front? thanks.
output: is that just a wood panel on the front? is that just a wood panel on the front? or is there a cover on the front?

input: could you share the colors ?
target: beautiful color on wall and ceiling. could you share the colors ? thank you nancy
output: great colors! could you share the colors? thank you.

input: are these custom curved island posts or can i purchase them unfinished?
target: island posts? are these custom curved island posts or can i purchase them unfinished? jrinteriorscid@yahoo.com
output: island posts? are these custom curved island posts or can i purchase them unfinished? jrinteriorscid@ yahoo. com

input: where can i, purchase the cabinets .
target: cabinets . i love the cabinets color and hardware. where can i, purchase the cabinets .
output: i am interested in the cabinets. where can i, purchase the cabinets. thank you

input: what is the ceiling color?
target: what is the ceiling color? beautiful kitchen! what is the ceiling color?
output: what is the ceiling color? what is the ceiling color? i have an arts and crafts style beach home and i don't know if i should paint the wood cross panels or leaver them dark. any suggestions?

input: what is the countertop material on the island?
target: what is the countertop material on the island? thanks . what is the countertop material on the island? thanks
output: countertop materials? what is the countertop material on the island? thanks.

input: what is the countertop material on the island?
target: what is the countertop material on the island? thanks . what is the countertop material on the island? thanks
output: countertop materials? what is the countertop material on the island? thanks.

input: can you tell me where the lights are from?
target: lights . hello! can you tell me where the lights are from?
output: lights. hello! can you tell me where the lights are from?

input: what type of wood is the island made out of?
target: what type of wood is the island made out of? what is the stain color. looks hat with the grey cabinets.
output: what type of wood is the island made out of? what is the stain color? looks great.

input: want kind of floor is this?
target: kitchen . want kind of floor is this? thank you
output: kitchen floor. want kind of floor is this? what is it?

input: would you be able to share the cabinetry brand and/or provide a close up detail of the inside edge of the cabinet door?
target: what is the cabinetry brand? beautiful cabinetry! would you be able to share the cabinetry brand and/or provide a close up detail of the inside edge of the cabinet door? thank you!
output: what is the cabinetry brand? beautiful cabinetry! would you be able to share the cabinetry brand and/or provide a close up detail of the inside edge of the cabinet door? thank you!

input: where did you get the chandeliers?
target: chandeliers . where did you get the chandeliers? they really impart glamour into the space.
output: chandeliers. where did you get the chandeliers? they really impart glamour into the space.

input: where did to get the glass knobs from .
target: knobs . where did to get the glass knobs from . pretty kitchen!
output: knobs. where did to get the glass knobs from. pretty kitchen!

input: can you tell me the color of the cabinets, and the ceiling color!
target: cabinet and ceiling color . can you tell me the color of the cabinets, and the ceiling color! thanks sherolene
output: cabinet and ceiling color. can you tell me the color of the cabinets, and the ceiling color! thanks sherolene

input: would you be so kind as to tell me what type of finish is on the wall cabinets and the color, please.
target: cabinet finish and color . would you be so kind as to tell me what type of finish is on the wall cabinets and the color, please. thanks so much for your help
output: wall cabinets and color. would you be so kind as to tell me what type of finish is on the wall cabinets and the color, please. thanks so much for your help!

input: what is this floor material?
target: what is this floor material? also name of it. thank you.
output: what is this floor material? also name of it. thank you.

input: can you tell me what it is?
target: cabinets, i love the color! can you tell me what it is? thank you.
output: i love the tile. can you tell me what it is? thank you.

input: can you share the tile?
target: backsplash tile . i love the backsplash . can you share the tile?
output: backsplash tile. can you share the tile? is it ceramic or porcelain? thank you

input: hello, can you kindly tell me the make/model of countertops you used for both the island and perimeter (grey) counters?
target: beautiful countertops! hello, can you kindly tell me the make/model of countertops you used for both the island and perimeter (grey) counters? much thanks!
output: beautiful countertops! hello, can you kindly tell me the make/model of countertops you used for both the island and perimeter(grey) counters? much thanks!

input: could you please advise flooring type and manufacturer?
target: could you please advise flooring type and manufacturer? just love everything especially color in this kitchen and will de doing mine the same. thank you in advance for your reply
output: could you please advise flooring type and manufacturer? just love everything especially color in this kitchen and will de doing mine the same. thank you.

input: can you please tell us more about it?
target: wallpaper . the wallpaper is gorgeous. can you please tell us more about it? i'd love to know the name andamp. manufacturer. thank you. it's perfect for this kitchen.
output: wallpaper. the wallpaper is gorgeous. can you please tell us more about it? i'd love to know the name andamp. manufacturer. thank you. it's perfect for this kitchen.

input: what inspired this design?
target: inspiration . this is such a great storage space! what inspired this design?
output: inspiration. such great use of space! what inspired this design?

input: do these drawers come as a system that you order?
target: drawers . do these drawers come as a system that you order? if so could you tell me the brand by chance?
output: drawers. do these drawers come as a system that you order? if so could you tell me the brand by chance?

input: how the garbage disposal was installed considering the drawers are in the way!
target: garbage disposal . where is the garbage disposal under the sink? how the garbage disposal was installed considering the drawers are in the way! thank you in advance!
output: garbage disposal. where is the garbage disposal under the sink? how the garbage disposal was installed considering the drawers are in the way! thank you in advance.

input: where is it from?
target: love the backsplash . love the texture of the backsplash. where is it from?
output: like the backsplash tile very much. where is it from? what style?

input: are you able to tell me the exact dimensions of the hood l x w x d and what is the ceiling height.
target: cooktop hood . beautiful design! are you able to tell me the exact dimensions of the hood l x w x d and what is the ceiling height. i've seen similar hoods but some look too tall. this is perfect.
output: cooktop hood. are you able to tell me the exact dimensions of the hood l x w x d and what is the ceiling height. thanks

input: what finish did you use for the benjamin moore capital white?
target: what finish did you use for the benjamin moore capital white? hello! i love this look. what finish did you use for the benjamin moore capital white? matte, eggshell, or semi.gloss?
output: what finish did you use for the benjamin moore capital white? hello! i love this look. what finish did you use for the benjamin moore capital white? matte, eggshell, or semi. gloss?

input: how do you keep the grout behind the stove white .
target: how do you keep the grout behind the stove white . how do you keep the grout behind the stove white. i am not messy, but.grease or splashes?
output: how do you keep the grout behind the stove white. how do you keep the grout behind the stove white. i am not messy, but. grease or splashes?

input: can you please tell me where i can purchase the range hood?
target: beautiful range hood . can you please tell me where i can purchase the range hood? or, the materials used to build the range hood?
output: i love this range hood. can you please tell me where i can purchase the range hood? or is it a custom build? thank you.

input: how much space between island and the range, sink and fridge?
target: dimensions and island distances . so 171" to the sliding door? how much space between island and the range, sink and fridge? its very beautiful!
output: dimensions and island distances. so 171" to the sliding door? how much space between island and the range, sink and fridge? its very beautiful!

input: who makes these cabinets?
target: who makes these cabinets? great choice on inset! thanks
output: cabinets? who makes them? i really like the glass on the cabinets. who makes these cabinets?

input: would you please share the backsplash make and model?
target: beautiful selections! would you please share the backsplash make and model? i love the waves and size of those tiles. kudos and thanks!
output: beautiful selections! would you please share the backsplash make and model? i love the waves and size of those tiles. thanks!

input: can you tell new who made the range hood.
target: range hood maker . can you tell new who made the range hood. i am involved a kitchen reno and would love to use this. it is stunning!
output: range hood maker. can you tell new who made the range hood. it is beautiful. thanks

input: can you tell me what is behind the range wall?
target: really like your design, semi open kitchen . can you tell me what is behind the range wall? a mud room?
output: really like your design, semi open kitchen. can you tell me what is behind the range wall? a mud room?

input: what kind of wood is the natural wood shown here?
target: love the wood, what is it? what kind of wood is the natural wood shown here? thank you
output: the floor is beautiful. what kind of wood is the natural wood shown here? engineered? and what is the wood itself? i love it!

input: can't really find information on what this product is.
target: love the countertop! how is its durability compared to granite? can't really find information on what this product is.
output: love the countertop! how is its durability compared to granite? can't really find information on what this product is.

input: wow, how talented you are.
target: wow, how talented you are. is truly spectacular! please tell me the door pull name and color. thinking they are lew’s? thank you so much!
output: wow, how talented you are. is truly spectacular! please tell me the door pull name and color. thinking they are lew’s? thank you so much!

input: could you please give me the name of the product you chose to finish it?
target: ultimate farmhouse indeed . this kitchen looks so inviting for anyone who loves to cook, like me!! i'm in the middle of my kitchen renovation and have chosen beechwood for laundry room. could you please give me the name of the product you chose to finish it? or "help it along"? thank you!
output: ultimate farmhouse indeed. this kitchen looks so inviting for anyone who loves to cook, like me! ! i'm in the middle of my kitchen renovation and have chosen beechwood for laundry room. could you please give me the name of the product you chose to finish it? or" help it along" ? thank you.

input: if so is it in a cabinet.?
target: is there a microwave? if so is it in a cabinet.? thank you!
output: is there a microwave? if so is it in a cabinet. ? thank you.

input: hi where did you purchase the cabinet hardware from?
target: hardware? hi where did you purchase the cabinet hardware from? thanks so much!
output: hardware? hi where did you purchase the cabinet hardware from? thanks so much!

input: what is the material on the ceiling?
target: what is on the ceiling? paneling? reclaimed wood ? what is the material on the ceiling?
output: what is on the ceiling? paneling? reclaimed wood? what is the material on the ceiling?

input: did you do anything to give the beech countertops that awesome design or is that just the woods natural beauty?
target: beech countertops . did you do anything to give the beech countertops that awesome design or is that just the woods natural beauty? and did u stain it seal them with anything special?
output: beech countertops. did you do anything to give the beech countertops that awesome design or is that just the woods natural beauty? and does it work for me? thanks

input: can you share what kind of flooring and stain used?
target: floors . can you share what kind of flooring and stain used? thanks!
output: flooring. can you share what kind of flooring and stain used? thanks

input: what is the purpose of the granite piece under the apron front sink?
target: granite under the sink? what is the purpose of the granite piece under the apron front sink? i have not seen that done before, and i like the look, especially if the countertops were pretty unique, but just wondering if you had a reason. the extra granite, cuts, drain holes, etc could get pricey to just be adding a small strip. i appreciate your response!
output: what is the purpose of the granite piece under the apron front sink? i have an estimated price of about 14.5m. i have a small granite and i have a 42" pedestal, but some do not look as good. what is the purpose of the granite piece under the apron front sink? any information would be appreciated. thanks!

input: for your ultimate farmhouse kitchen, did you also use granite?
target: is that granite that you used for the other countertops? for your ultimate farmhouse kitchen, did you also use granite? what is the name of that gorgeous countertop?
output: is that granite that you used for the other countertops? for your ultimate farmhouse kitchen, did you also use granite? what is the name of that gorgeous countertop?

input: love the reclaimed beech countertop .what company did you use?
target: love the reclaimed beech countertop .what company did you use? i absolutely love this kitchen! i want to get reclaimed beech countertops like you have and i have been all over the internet looking for them, to no avail. where did you get them?
output: love the reclaimed beech countertop. what company did you use? i absolutely love this kitchen! i want to get reclaimed beech countertops like you have and i have been all over the internet looking for them, to no avail. where did you get them?

input: where did you get the wicker bread box?
target: wicker bread box . i love everything about this kitchen even down to the small details! where did you get the wicker bread box?
output: wicker bread box. where did you get the wicker bread box? what is the material?

input: would you please share the mfg of the vent hood?
target: vent hood . would you please share the mfg of the vent hood? thanks!
output: vent hood. would you please share the mfg of the vent hood? thanks!

input: hi, can you please tell me the grout color used?
target: grout color? hi, can you please tell me the grout color used? thanks
output: grout color. hi, can you please tell me the grout color used? thanks

input: i assume that was just custom with copper piping?
target: the pot rack! brilliant!! i assume that was just custom with copper piping?
output: the pot rack! brilliant! ! i assume that was just custom with copper piping?

input: is the owner still happy with that choice?
target: hi mike, i see that the counter is beech. is that durable? is the owner still happy with that choice? i love the look! beautiful job!
output: hi mike, i see that the counter is beech. is that durable? is the owner still happy with that choice? i love the look! beautiful job!

input: can you tell me where the faucet is from?
target: hi, love this kitchen! can you tell me where the faucet is from? struggling with that decision right now.
output: faucet. can you tell me where the faucet is from? thank you.

input: i would love to know what you used on the ceiling here in your kitchen.
target: ceiling in kitchen . i would love to know what you used on the ceiling here in your kitchen. i am trying to achieve this look in mine. thanks!
output: ceiling in kitchen. i would love to know what you used on the ceiling here in your kitchen. i am trying to achieve this look in mine. thanks.

input: what kind of finish did you put on the wood counter top?
target: counter top finish . what kind of finish did you put on the wood counter top? i love the reclaimed wood.
output: counter top finish. what kind of finish did you put on the wood counter top? i love the reclaimed wood.

input: the counter tops on the right looks like cement/concrete counter tops, are they?
target: counter tops to the right . the counter tops on the right looks like cement/concrete counter tops, are they? my island is stained concrete counter top and i love it!
output: counter tops to the right. the counter tops on the right looks like cement/concrete counter tops, are they? my island is stained concrete counter top and i love it!

input: please advise what is the cabinet height supporting your farmhouse sink.
target: cabinet size . please advise what is the cabinet height supporting your farmhouse sink. i love this idea instead of mounting it the traditional way.
output: cabinet size. please advise what is the cabinet height supporting your farmhouse sink. i have 5 ft ceilings and i want to fill the space that is needed to support. thank you.

input: where are they from?
target: love the floors? where are they from? what type and style?
output: love the floors? where are they from? what type and style?

input: what are the door dimensions (height) of the upper cabinets?
target: what are the door dimensions (height) of the upper cabinets? i like the balance of 1/3 and 2/3 ratio of the upper cabinets. we are building a home and the ceiling in the kitchen will be almost 12 feet. the balance and ratio of sizes and colors is perfect in your design!
output: what are the door dimensions(height) of the upper cabinets? i like the balance of 1/3 and 2/3 ratio of the upper cabinets. we are building a home and the ceiling in the kitchen will be almost 12 feet. the balance and ratio of sizes and colors is perfect in your design!

input: can you provide the manufacturer?
target: i love the hood. can you provide the manufacturer? i find most hoods to be ugly. the one looks great.
output: i love the hardware. can you provide the manufacturer? thank you.

input: who makes the calacata 981 quartz used on the island?
target: countertops on island . who makes the calacata 981 quartz used on the island? still zodiaq/ corian or some other company?
output: countertops on island. who makes the calacata 981 quartz used on the island? do you know from where were they purchased? thanks.

input: can you tell me the dimensions of the island for perspective?
target: light fixtures/ island . you said you used the largest size of light fixtures. can you tell me the dimensions of the island for perspective? thank you!
output: dimensions of the island? can you tell me the dimensions of the island for perspective? thanks

input: who are the manufacture of the bar stool?
target: who are the manufacture of the bar stool? thank you for taking the time to answer our questions. very nice of you.
output: who are the manufacture of the bar stool? thank you. the butler is very helpful.

input: wondering what the ceiling height is.
target: ceiling height please . wondering what the ceiling height is. thinking of these lights with a 9 foot ceiling not sure if they are too tall
output: ceiling height? wondering what the ceiling height is. thinking of these lights with a 9 foot ceiling not sure if they are too tall

input: how high are the perimeter countertops?
target: counter heights . beautiful kitchen! i noted the island was 36” and 39” . how high are the perimeter countertops?
output: counter heights. gorgeous kitchen! how high are the perimeter countertops? and, the dimensions?

input: what are the dimensions of each part of the island, the sit.down part as well as the prep zone part?
target: dimensions of each island part . beautiful. what are the dimensions of each part of the island, the sit.down part as well as the prep zone part?
output: dimensions of each island part. beautiful. what are the dimensions of each part of the island, the sit. down part as well as the prep zone part?

input: do the pendants over the island come in other sizes and from where are they?
target: cabinets and pendants . are the cabinets painted black and full overlay? can i buy them somewhere? do the pendants over the island come in other sizes and from where are they? i love this kitchen so much that i am mimicking it here in new jersey! simply stunning combination and using all metal colors makes it timeless!
output: cabinets. are the cabinets painted black and full overlay? do the pendants over the island come in other sizes and from where are they? i love this kitchen!

input: where were thr navy golden door handles on white cabinets sourced from?
target: door handles . navy . where were thr navy golden door handles on white cabinets sourced from?
output: door handles. where were thr navy golden door handles on white cabinets sourced from?

input: where can i get the drawers?
target: pantry drawers . wire rack, pull out shelf . i really like the way this pantry looks. where can i get the drawers?
output: pantry drawers. where can i get the drawers? and, if so, the dimensions?

input: name of the hardware pulls on the cabinets?
target: cabinet hardware . what is the company andamp. name of the hardware pulls on the cabinets? beautiful kitchen, thanks!
output: cabinet hardware. what is the company andamp. name of the hardware pulls on the cabinets? i'd like to know the approximate size of the hardware. thanks!

input: where can i get those pendants above the island?
target: pendants . beautiful home! where can i get those pendants above the island?
output: where can i get those pendants above the island? we have been searching and i have no luck. this is my dream kitchen!

input: what is the name/color of the countertop?
target: countertop . what is the name/color of the countertop? thank you
output: countertop. what is the name/color of the countertop? thank you

input: i would like to know the color/material of the flooring?
target: beautiful kitchen! i would like to know the color/material of the flooring? thank you!
output: flooring. i would like to know the color/material of the flooring? thanks

input: we are trying to figure out how far apart we need to put the fridge and ovens so we can open the fridge doors fully.
target: is the left fridge door able to open all the way? beautiful kitchen . we are designing a similar layout kitchen now and our built in fridge is going next to the oven. we are trying to figure out how far apart we need to put the fridge and ovens so we can open the fridge doors fully.
output: is the left fridge door able to open all the way? we are designing a similar layout and having difficulty answering with questions. we are trying to figure out how far apart we need to put the fridge and ovens so we can open the fridge doors fully.

input: what are the dimensions of the posts on the island?
target: posts on the island . what are the dimensions of the posts on the island? how wide?
output: posts on the island. what are the dimensions of the posts on the island? where can they be purchased?

input: what is the colour of the cabinets and countertop material and colour?
target: what is the colour of the cabinets and countertop? beautiful kitchen. lovely home throughout. what is the colour of the cabinets and countertop material and colour?
output: what is the colour of the cabinets and countertop? i like the contrast between the winds breath and the white cabinets. what is the colour of the cabinets and countertop material and colour?

input: can you please share the faucet manufacturer?
target: faucet manufacturer . lovely kitchen! can you please share the faucet manufacturer? thanks
output: faucet manufacturer. lovely kitchen! can you please share the faucet manufacturer? thanks

input: can you tell me how or who fabricated it?
target: i love the hood. can you tell me how or who fabricated it? is is a s
output: i love the hood. can you tell me how or who fabricated it? thanks!

input: what cabinet style are the sable cabinets and handle model .
target: what cabinet style are the sable cabinets and handle model . i am doing a kitchen in the same color using the windsor door style but have never seen a picture of one done that way. your room is beautiful. may consider a door style change. cabinet handles look great. thank you
output: what cabinet style are the sable cabinets and handle model. i am doing a kitchen in the same color using the windsor door style but have never seen a picture of one done that way. thank you in advance.

input: who is manufacturer of these chairs?
target: love the chairs! who is manufacturer of these chairs? very beautiful kitchen!
output: chairs? who is manufacturer of these chairs? very nice

input: is there a sink/window next to refridgerater?
target: my dream kitchen!! is there a sink/window next to refridgerater? is it possible to see a picture?
output: is there a sink/window next to refridgerater? if so what's the design? what is the vendor?

input: what is the cabinets hardware please?
target: such a fab kitchen . awesome! what is the cabinets hardware please? the pulls and its sizes? thanks a lot!
output: hardware. awesome kitchen! what is the cabinets hardware please?

input: do you have the plans or can you inform me of who the "pro" is who built it?
target: the banquette is fabulous! do you have the plans or can you inform me of who the "pro" is who built it? the banquette is fabulous! do you have the plans or can you inform me of who the "pro" is who built it?
output: the banquette is fabulous. do you have the plans or can you inform me of who the" pro" is who built it? the banquette is fabulous!

input: what wood is used in these cabinets?
target: cabinet color? what wood is used in these cabinets? they are beautiful!
output: cabinets. what wood is used in these cabinets? where can they be purchased?

input: what is the width of floor space between the counter.top on the left and the appliances?
target: what is the width of floor space between the counter.top on the left and the appliances? my husband thinks it looks too narrow but i think there is probably actually more space than it appears in this photo. thanks!
output: what is the width of floor space between the counter. top on the left and the appliances? my kitchen is divided by 6 at the same time. i am putting in alder cabinets and would like to have the same layout. thanks!

input: who manufactures this cabinet ?
target: cabinets . who manufactures this cabinet ? beautiful!
output: cabinets. who manufactures this cabinet? beautiful!

input: what is the style and maker or chairs.
target: chairs . what is the style and maker or chairs. thank you
output: chairs. what is the style and maker or chairs. thank you

input: what diameter is the table and will the bench seat hold more than 3 people?
target: what diameter is the table and will the bench seat hold more than 3 people? what diameter table have you planned for? would the bench seat accommodate 3 people?
output: what diameter is the table and will the bench seat hold more than 3 people? what diameter table have you planned for? what is the bench seat accommodates 3 people?

input: is it real stone or made of another material?
target: i love the hood! is it real stone or made of another material? where can i get one?
output: i love the hood! is it real stone or made of another material? where can i get one?

input: who made the kitchen cabinets?
target: kitchen cabinets . who made the kitchen cabinets? very nice!
output: kitchen cabinets. who made the kitchen cabinets? very nice!

input: whatever detail you can provide about the island surface would be greatly appreciated.
target: beautiful kitchen . what is the island material? whatever detail you can provide about the island surface would be greatly appreciated. thank you!
output: beautiful kitchen. what is the island material? whatever detail you can provide about the island surface would be greatly appreciated. thank you!

input: is the white between the windows part of the window or is it trim added afterward?
target: love the windows . is the white between the windows part of the window or is it trim added afterward? i want to achieve this exact look . what do i tell my marvin rep that i want exactly?
output: is the white between the windows part of the window or is it trim added afterward? i want to achieve this exact look. what do i tell my marvin rep that i want exactly?

input: could you tell me the window size ?
target: could you tell me the window size ? thanks . could you tell me the window size ? thanks
output: could you tell me the window size? thanks. could you tell me the window size? thanks

input: hi, couldyou please tell me what the celing is?
target: hi, couldyou please tell me what the celing is? is it flooring, or re . or reclamied wood or???
output: hi, couldyou please tell me what the celing is? is it flooring, or re. or reclamied wood or? ? ?

input: do these windows work well in very cold climates?
target: black aluminum windows . do these windows work well in very cold climates? can they open? do they have screens?
output: windows. do these windows work well in very cold climates? if they were custom built, who is the manufacturer? what is the vendor?

input: what color is the island paint color?
target: island paint color . hello. what color is the island paint color? thank you
output: island paint color. hello. what color is the island paint color? thank you

input: what are the sizes of these windows?
target: size of window, height of ceiling . what are the sizes of these windows? are rese 8' or higher ceilings?
output: size of window, height of ceiling. what are the sizes of these windows? are rese 8' or higher ceilings?

input: what paint color did you use for the cabinets on the island?
target: island cabinet color . what paint color did you use for the cabinets on the island? thanks!
output: island cabinet color. what paint color did you use for the cabinets on the island? this is a beautiful kitchen.

input: where did you get the drawer pulls?
target: drawer pulls . where did you get the drawer pulls? what are they called. they're gorgeous!
output: drawer pulls. where did you get the drawer pulls? what are they called. they're gorgeous!

input: great kitchen where is the runner from?
target: runner . great kitchen where is the runner from? thanks
output: runner. great kitchen where is the runner from? thanks

input: name please?
target: love the backsplash. name please? i never see the question on houzz a
output: love the backsplash. name please? i never see the question on houzz a

input: what color is the floor?
target: what color is the floor? love the wood color! what color is it?
output: what color is the floor? love the wood color! what color is it?

input: are they blue, or some other color?
target: please, paint color . what paint color are cabinets? are they blue, or some other color?
output: please, paint color. what paint color are cabinets? are they blue, or some other color?

input: can you please tell me what the stone counter top is made of and if it's honed or polished.
target: stone? can you please tell me what the stone counter top is made of and if it's honed or polished. thanks.
output: stone? can you please tell me what the stone counter top is made of and if it's honed or polished. thanks.

input: my cabinet maker is going to put this in for me, but doesn't know where to get the stuff
target: where do you buy the mounting hardware for this? i have looked at rev a shelf, but cannot find it. my cabinet maker is going to put this in for me, but doesn't know where to get the stuff
output: where do you buy the mounting hardware for this? i have looked at rev a shelf, but cannot find it. my cabinet maker is going to put this in for me, but doesn't know where to get the stuff

input: can you tell me about the pendant lamp over the table?
target: love the lamp! can you tell me about the pendant lamp over the table? i love it!
output: love the lamp! can you tell me about the pendant lamp over the table? i have a small, white kitchen that i love!

input: where are the cabinets from?
target: kitchen cabinets are beautiful . where are the cabinets from? they are beautiful
output: cabinets. where are the cabinets from? name?

input: can you share manufacture/model of counter stools?
target: love the counter stools! can you share manufacture/model of counter stools? thank you!
output: counter stools? can you share manufacture/model of counter stools? thank you!

input: how high are the ceilings?
target: ceiling and cabinets height . gorgeous! how high are the ceilings? and upper cabinets? thanks!
output: ceiling and cabinets height. how high are the ceilings? and cabinet height? thanks

input: what is the island counter top?
target: what is the island counter top? what is the island counter top? i really like it. thanks
output: what is the island counter top? what is the island counter top? i really like it. thanks

input: can you let me know the type of wood that was used for the island countertop?
target: what type of wood was used for the island countertop? can you let me know the type of wood that was used for the island countertop? it’s gorgeous
output: island countertop. can you let me know the type of wood that was used for the island countertop? and what is the finish? thank you

input: can you plz share the cabinet paint color.
target: cabinetry . can you plz share the cabinet paint color. i really love how it flows. i purchased a calacata slabs for our kitchen and i want to blend it with the right color of white cabinet
output: cabinetry. can you plz share the cabinet paint color. i really like how it flows. i purchased a calacata slabs for our kitchen and this color works beautifully.

input: love the flooring, can you pease provide info on it?
target: floors . love the flooring, can you pease provide info on it? thank you!
output: floors. love the flooring, can you pease provide info on it? thank you.

input: can you tell me the brand and model of this microwave.thanks.
target: i'm curious about the microwave . i would like to install a good looking compact microwave in a standard depth upper cabinet. i'm having trouble finding a microwave that isn't too deep. can you tell me the brand and model of this microwave.thanks.
output: i have a customer that wants this microwave. can you tell me the brand and model of this microwave. thanks.

input: i have limited space in my kitchen.could you share how much landing space there is on either side of the range?
target: landing space . i have limited space in my kitchen.could you share how much landing space there is on either side of the range? it would be very helpful. thanks.
output: landing space. i have limited space in my kitchen. could you share how much landing space there is on either side of the range? it is possible to reach the ceiling of the range. thank you.

input: how wide are the pantry doors?
target: our kitchen remodel . how wide is the pantry? how wide are the pantry doors?
output: our kitchen remodel. how wide is the pantry? how wide are the pantry doors?

input: photo permission?
target: photo permission? beautiful lighting! i'm working on a blog for woodiq.com covering the latest in cabinet lighting. i'd love to include this photo, with your permission. it's a great example of a well.thought out, beautiful lighting scheme. the blog will be published later this month. please let me know if you have any questions. thanks!
output: photo permission? beautiful lighting! i'm working on a blog for woodiq. com covering the latest in cabinet lighting. i'd love to include this photo, with your permission. it's a great example of a well. thought out, beautiful lighting scheme. the blog will be published later this month. please let me know if you have any questions. thanks!

input: what size housing do you recommend for 8 foot ceilings?
target: recessed light size? can you tell me the size of the recessed lights? is it a 6" or 4" housing.or something different? what size housing do you recommend for 8 foot ceilings?
output: recessed size? can you tell me the size of the recessed recessed? is it a 6" or 4" housing. or something different? what size housing do you recommend for 8 foot ceilings?

input: who made this hood?
target: hood . who made this hood? thanks!
output: hood. who made this hood? thanks!

input: i have a narrow space and mine are supposed to be 15 in wide and wondering how they will look standing on their own flanking the hood.
target: what is the width of the glass front cabinets flanding the range hood? i have a narrow space and mine are supposed to be 15 in wide and wondering how they will look standing on their own flanking the hood. these look great.
output: what is the width of the glass front cabinets flanding the range hood? i have a narrow space and mine are supposed to be 15 in wide and wondering how they will look standing on their own flanking the hood. these look great.

input: can you tell me what white i should use?
target: kitchen paint color . i want to paint my cabinets white. there are so many to choose from. there is brick and copper in the kitchen. i want the country look. can you tell me what white i should use?
output: i want to do under the covers? i want to use white. can you tell me what white i should use?

input: what is the depth of the wall cabinets, and the depth of the microwave?
target: loved the microwave/buit in look . what is the depth of the wall cabinets, and the depth of the microwave? what model is this microwave? thanks for your reply!
output: loved the microwave/buit in look. what is the depth of the wall cabinets, and the depth of the microwave? what is the depth of the wall cabinets, and the depth of the microwave? what is the depth of the microwave? thanks in advance!

input: what are the countertops?
target: countertop . what are the countertops? name and finish? thank you
output: what are the countertops? thank you. what are the countertops? thank you.

input: what kind of flooring is this?
target: what kind of flooring is this? it could be natural wood or engineered lumber. i don't think it's laminate since the seams are not visible. how was this floor made?
output: what is the flooring? what kind of flooring is this? it's beautiful.

input: can you tell me what light bulbs you used in your ceiling cans?
target: light bulbs used in old mill park kitchen . can you tell me what light bulbs you used in your ceiling cans? i keep trying different ones and can't seem to find the right ones. i do have a dimmer on the switch. thank you for your help.
output: light bulbs used in old mill park kitchen. can you tell me what light bulbs you used in your ceiling cans? i have read thru and found some reviews that are not included. thank you,

input: are tiles not been used in toilets and kitchens nowadays?
target: tiles . i noticed that all the kitchens and toilets i have been seen were without tiles. are tiles not been used in toilets and kitchens nowadays?
output: tiles. are tiles not been used in toilets and kitchens nowadays? if so, what's the manufacturer? thank you.

input: design wise, how did you approach making the corners an efficient use of space?
target: utilizing corners . nicely done. i too have a u.shaped kitchen, with the cooktop in the middle. design wise, how did you approach making the corners an efficient use of space? thank you.
output: utilizing corners. nicely done. i too have a u. shaped kitchen, with the cooktop in the middle. design wise, how did you approach making the corners an efficient use of space? thank you.

input: are the shelves notched out to allow continuous strip?
target: where is the led strip lighting installed . around the perimeter of the back or front of cabinet. are the shelves notched out to allow continuous strip?
output: where is the led strip lighting? are the shelves notched out to allow continuous strip? the bathrooms are also sealed.

input: how easy/difficult is it to replace led lighting inside cabinets when it goes out?
target: how easy/difficult is it to replace led lighting inside cabinets when it goes out? i don't know much about led strip lighting. is it easy to replace when burned out? thank you. i love this glow.
output: how easy/difficult is it to replace led lighting inside cabinets when it goes out? i have been told that it is difficult because of the expansion/functionality of the inset ceiling. i am trying to achieve this look with just simple, but don't seem to find any attractive alternative to this question. thank you for your help!

input: could you tell me the name of it and size?
target: backsplash . i love the backsplash. could you tell me the name of it and size? thank you!
output: backsplash. i love the backsplash. could you tell me the name of it and size? thank you!

input: is the lighting wired in to each shelf on both sides?
target: lighting . i love the lighting in the cupboards. i like having solid shelves instead of glass. is the lighting wired in to each shelf on both sides?
output: lighting. i love the lighting in the cupboards. what is it? is the lighting wired in to each shelf on both sides?

input: are the cabinets 30" and 18" stacked?
target: love the stacked cabinets . are the cabinets 30" and 18" stacked? is this a waypoint kitchen?
output: love the stacked cabinets. are the cabinets 30" and 18" stacked? is this a waypoint kitchen?

input: it addresses the need to have somewhere to put things taken out of refrigerator when preparing a meal or putting groceries away.
target: island shape is awesome! it addresses the need to have somewhere to put things taken out of refrigerator when preparing a meal or putting groceries away. i find this basic need lacking in a lot of designs. how did you determine the distance you needed to the refrigerator? any insight on placing this design in my kitchen when we do total remodel of kitchen, hopefully this fall? again beautiful design!
output: where do you buy these? i am looking for similar layout fridges. it addresses the need to have somewhere to put things taken out of refrigerator when preparing a meal or putting groceries away. how do i get the actual space needed? thank you

input: can you tell me the name and brand?
target: i like the paint color. can you tell me the name and brand? thanks!
output: love the counter top. can you tell me the name and brand? thank you

input: what color did you use on the walls?
target: walls, countertops . love the peppercorn! what color did you use on the walls? what are the countertops made of? thanks!
output: walls, countertops. love the peppercorn! what color did you use on the walls? what is the name of the peppercorn? thank you

input: where can i buy the yellow bar stools?
target: where can i buy the yellow bar stools? love the bar stools. who makes them?
output: where can i buy the yellow bar stools? thank you. the kitchen is stunning.

input: what material is the lower cabinet made from?
target: cabinets . what material is the lower cabinet made from? also what color is it?
output: cabinets. what material is the lower cabinet made from? also what color is it?

input: i am really wanting to add 12" cabinets behind for extra storage but that will leave me w a 10" overhang?
target: bar overhang depth? hello . i am really wanting to add 12" cabinets behind for extra storage but that will leave me w a 10" overhang? i know recommendations are 15 . 18" but mostly these will be used by kids or turned towards living room.
output: depth of cabinets. is this a 24" or underhang for extra storage? i am really wanting to add 12" cabinets behind for extra storage but that will leave me w a 10" overhang? wish i could see above the valance.

input: can you please tell me where to purchase the light fixtures over island?
target: light fixtures . can you please tell me where to purchase the light fixtures over island? i really appreciate your time!
output: light fixtures. can you please tell me where to purchase the light fixtures over island? i really appreciate your time!

input: are there any new products or processes that can be applied to prevent wine, coffee etc staining?
target: marble . i love carrara marble but am semi afraid of using it for my kitchen island. how difficult is marble to keep looking shiny and not stainable? are there any new products or processes that can be applied to prevent wine, coffee etc staining? thank you.
output: marble. i love the cabinet finish and process. are there any new products or processes that can be applied to prevent wine, coffee etc staining? thank you.

input: what is it?
target: paint . love the island paint color. what is it?
output: countertops. i love the countertop on the perimeter. what is it?

input: can you tell me what brand and paint color was used for the island?
target: our new kitchen! can you tell me what brand and paint color was used for the island? thank you!
output: can you tell me what brand and paint color was used for the island? this is a beautiful kitchen. thank you.

input: what brand are they?
target: cabinets . what brand are they? thanks!
output: cabinets. what brand are they? thanks!

input: what marble is the countertop?
target: countertops . what marble is the countertop? one response says calcutta, another says carrera.
output: countertops. what marble is the countertop? and, if so, the name?

input: what color should i pant the wall and cupboards?
target: kitchen colors . i painted my countertop black and my cupboards are white. the wall is a cream color. what color should i pant the wall and cupboards?
output: wall and cabinet color. what color should i pant the wall and cupboards? i only have 3x6 inches. thank you!

input: please share where they were purchased from.
target: stools . love them. please share where they were purchased from. thank you.
output: stools. love the stools. please share where they were purchased from. thank you.

input: and lastly what is the counter made of?
target: island . what color is the island painted? also what are the dimensions? and lastly what is the counter made of?
output: island. what color is the island painted? and lastly what is the counter made of?

input: what brand is it and where can i order it from?
target: lighting . i would like to have the same lighting for my kitchen island. what brand is it and where can i order it from?
output: i like the backsplash. what brand is it and where can i order it from? thanks!

input: could you tell me how you supported the island overhang?
target: island overhang support? could you tell me how you supported the island overhang? is it just the legs and framing connecting legs? or is there additional support?
output: island overhang support? could you tell me how you supported the island overhang? is it just the legs and framing connecting legs? or is there additional support?

input: what is this pitch?
target: pitch of ceiling? i would like to see photos of a 4/12 pitch interior vaulted ceiling. what is this pitch?
output: pitch of ceiling? i would like to see photos of a 4/12 pitch interior vaulted ceiling. what is this pitch?

input: what size are the beams?
target: what size are the beams? what type of wood ? stain color?
output: what size are the beams? what type of wood? stain color?

input: what was the color of the beam stain?
target: beam color . what was the color of the beam stain? we have jacobean wood floors and fir beams and doors. i am having a hard time deciding on stain for the beams and doors.
output: beam color. what was the color of the beam stain? is it red oak? what stain was used?

input: i am wondering if you would share the dimensions of the island?
target: dimension of island? this is a gorgeous kitchen. i am wondering if you would share the dimensions of the island? many thanks!
output: dimensions of island? this is a gorgeous space! i am wondering if you would share the dimensions of the island? many thanks!

input: would it be possible to buy the rights to use this image for commercial use?
target: image request . hi there, we love this picture with the nickel gap planking/shiplap walls. we are creating a brochure for nickel gap planking and trim boards. would it be possible to buy the rights to use this image for commercial use? do you have other interior images that feature nickel gap planking/shiplap? we are definitely interested in purchasing the rights to use the images commercially. thanks in advance for your response.
output: image request. hi there, we love this picture with the nickel gap planking/shiplap walls. we are creating a brochure for nickel gap planking and trim boards. would it be possible to buy the rights to use this image for commercial use? do you have other interior images that feature nickel gap planking/shiplap? we are definitely interested in purchasing the rights to

input: is it hidden?
target: kitchen . i don't see any kitchen venting. is it hidden?
output: kitchen. i don't see any kitchen venting. is it hidden?

input: what is used on the ceiling???
target: ceiling!! what is used on the ceiling??? love this!! thanks
output: ceiling! ! what is used on the ceiling? ? ? ? love this! ! thanks

input: what brand is the fridge?
target: what brand is the fridge? what brand is the fridge? thank you!
output: what brand is the fridge? what brand is the fridge? thank you!

input: who makes them/where did you get them.
target: love the barstools. who makes them/where did you get them. it looks like they swivel. do they? thank you so much.
output: who makes them/where did you get them. it looks like pies. thank you.

input: can you give me the details on the wood floor?
target: flooring . can you give me the details on the wood floor? thanks!
output: flooring. can you give me the details on the wood floor? thanks!

input: what color is the ceiling paint.
target: paint color . beautiful work. what color is the ceiling paint.
output: paint color. beautiful work. what color is the ceiling paint.

input: wondering what they r using for a venting system in their island.
target: question on venting . wondering what they r using for a venting system in their island. does not look like they have a down draft.
output: question on venting. wondering what they r using for a venting system in their island. does not look like they have a down draft.

input: what is the brand/ name of the backsplash.
target: backsplash . what is the brand/ name of the backsplash. thanks!
output: backsplash. what is the brand/name of the backsplash. thanks

input: what are the details on the backsplash and countertops.
target: backsplash and counters . what are the details on the backsplash and countertops. thanks!
output: backsplash and counters. what are the details on the backsplash and countertops. thanks

input: could you please tell me the paint color used for the cabinets.
target: cabinet color please . could you please tell me the paint color used for the cabinets. thank you!
output: cabinet color please. could you please tell me the paint color used for the cabinets. thank you!

input: did you use white or a light grey grout for the backsplash?
target: backsplash grout . did you use white or a light grey grout for the backsplash? and what was your reasoning?
output: backsplash grout. did you use white or a light grey grout for the backsplash? and what was your reasoning?

input: where did you get the cabinets?
target: love the kitchen. where did you get the cabinets? thanks!
output: love the kitchen. where did you get the cabinets? thanks!

input: do the stiles and rails have a straight edge or is there a slight bevel, i can't quite tell?
target: love the cabinets! do the stiles and rails have a straight edge or is there a slight bevel, i can't quite tell? also, how thick are the stiles/ rails (what is the depth)? thank you!
output: love the cabinets! do the stiles and rails have a straight edge or is there a slight bevel, i can't quite tell? also, how thick are the stiles/rails(what is the depth) ? thank you!

input: do you have any experience with ikea cabinets?
target: custom vs ikea cabinets . hello! i love your kitchen cabinetry and i'm currently working on a kitchen design for a client. the thinks they can achieve this look with ikea cabinets. how do i convince them it is not the same? do you have any experience with ikea cabinets?
output: custom vs ikea cabinets. hello! i love your kitchen cabinetry and i'm currently working on a kitchen design for a client. the thinks they can achieve this look with ikea cabinets. how do i convince them it is not the same? do you have any experience with ikea cabinets?

input: what is the counter and backspalsh material?
target: counter material . what is the counter and backspalsh material? beautiful kitchwn!
output: counter material. what is the counter and backspalsh material? this is such a beautiful kitchen!

input: could you tell me how high your celings are and possibly the kitchen dimensions?
target: ceiling height . love your kitchen. could you tell me how high your celings are and possibly the kitchen dimensions? thanks. so lovely.
output: ceiling height. love your kitchen. could you tell me how high your celings are and possibly the kitchen dimensions? thanks.

input: what kind of wood is the flooring?
target: regarding the flooring. what kind of wood is the flooring? engineered? hardwood? and what is the wood itself? ie: cherry? hickory?
output: regarding the flooring. what kind of wood is the flooring? engineered? hardwood? and what is the wood itself? ie: cherry? hickory?

input: what are the countertops?
target: what are the countertops? are they concrete? thanks for any information you have!
output: what are the countertops? thank you. what are the countertops? thank you.

input: where can i get it and what is it called?
target: where can i get this back splash? i love this back splash! is it marble? where can i get it and what is it called?
output: where can i get this back splash? i like the back splash! is it marble? where can i get it and what is it called?

input: could you please tell me the name and brand of the stain on the island.
target: island stain . could you please tell me the name and brand of the stain on the island. i know it’s desert sand.but by who and where can i get it? thanks.
output: island stain. could you please tell me the name and brand of the stain on the island. i know it’s desert sand. but by who and where can i get it? thanks

input: can you please share who makes the counter stools?
target: counter stools source . great design. can you please share who makes the counter stools?
output: counter stools source. great design. can you please share who makes the counter stools?

input: what brand and model is the wall oven/microwave combo?
target: wall oven/microwave brand . what brand and model is the wall oven/microwave combo? thank you!
output: wall oven/microwave brand. what brand and model is the wall oven/microwave combo? thank you!

input: how long is the wall with chimney hood?
target: wall length . how long is the wall with chimney hood? also is that a 36" hood?
output: wall length. how long is the wall with chimney hood? also is that a 36" hood?

input: who makes the chandelier.
target: chandelier . who makes the chandelier. just beautiful!
output: chandelier. who makes the chandelier. just beautiful!

input: could you please provide information on the floor please?
target: floor . could you please provide information on the floor please? it is beautiful. thanks
output: floor. could you please provide information on the floor please? it is beautiful. thanks

input: do you know the model number for that refrigerator?
target: refrigerator . do you know the model number for that refrigerator? specifically looking for a built in viking with an in.door water/ice dispenser and just saw this one. thank you!
output: refrigerator. do you know the model number for that refrigerator? specifically looking for a built in viking with an in. door water/ice dispenser and just saw this one. thank you!

input: can you help me ?
target: beautiful kitchen. hola, i want to build my kitchen but i can't find the design that adapt to the area, space. can you help me ? thank you.
output: i love the open concept kitchen! can you help me? thanks.

input: could you tell me the dimensions involved.
target: kitchen . dear designer: i am designing a similar kitchen. could you tell me the dimensions involved. thank you regards rodrigo
output: dimensions. could you tell me the dimensions involved. thanks.

input: can you provide the specifics for what was used for the backsplash and countertops, including brand and color?
target: backsplash and countertops? can you provide the specifics for what was used for the backsplash and countertops, including brand and color? looks great!
output: backsplash and countertops? can you provide the specifics for what was used for the backsplash and countertops, including brand and color? looks great!

input: where can i get these exact stools?
target: counter stools? where can i get these exact stools? they are perfect for my new kitchen. i would need 3. thanks so much!!
output: counter stools? where can i get these exact stools? who manufactures them?

input: what is the backsplash in this photo above the range?
target: what is the backsplash in this photo above the range? love the pattern and color. where can i purchase? thanks!
output: backsplash. what is the backsplash in this photo above the range? love the seating at the banquette. thanks!

input: can you please share where they are from?
target: beautiful chairs, where are they from? love these chairs. can you please share where they are from?
output: great chairs! can you please share where they are from? thanks!

input: where can i get them?
target: island stools . love these stools. would do the. for my island. where can i get them?
output: counter stools? who is the manufacturer? where can i get them?

input: hi, can you please tell me who makes the cabinet hardware?
target: cabinet hardware . hi, can you please tell me who makes the cabinet hardware? love!
output: cabinet hardware. hi, can you please tell me who makes the cabinet hardware? love!

input: could you also tell me the space between the island and the range?
target: dimensions . can i tell me the length of the wall that the range is on? or the width of the cabinets flanking the range? could you also tell me the space between the island and the range?
output: dimensions. can you also tell me the space between the island and the range? thanks!

input: can you please tell me where you purchased the stools?
target: stools . can you please tell me where you purchased the stools? thank you!
output: stools. can you please tell me where you purchased the stools? thank you!

input: what is the brand/color of the cabinet pulls?
target: what is the brand/color of the cabinet pulls? i'm looking for styles that go with delta's champagne bronze color. thanks!
output: cabinet pulls. what is the brand/color of the cabinet pulls? these are beautiful!

input: hello, what retail store did you purchase the bar stools from?
target: bar stools . hello, what retail store did you purchase the bar stools from? thank you!
output: bar stools. hello, what retail store did you purchase the bar stools from? thank you!

input: can you tell me who makes this faucet?
target: faucet . hi, i absolutely love the brass accents in this kitchen, but am finding faucets in this color difficult to come by. can you tell me who makes this faucet? thank you!
output: faucet. can you tell me who makes this faucet? thank you

input: what is the name of the pattern or color of the calcutta marble?
target: is the marble island honed or polished? which calcutta marble? is the marble island countertop honed or polished? what is the name of the pattern or color of the calcutta marble?
output: is the marble island honed or polished? what is the name of the pattern or color of the calcutta marble?

input: could you please let me know what hood this is?
target: range hood . i just love this kitchen! really beautiful. could you please let me know what hood this is? is the top part of the hood? is it wood or sheetrock covered? any information you could provide would be appreciated. we are hoping to have a very similar feature wall around the range in our remodel. thank you so much!
output: range hood. i love this kitchen! could you please let me know what hood this is? is it a hood built? or under mount. we are considering a similar hood and have been cautioned on several of photos, but this particular one is really great. thank you.

input: can you provide the information on the backsplash and the manufacturer of the tile?
target: backsplash . can you provide the information on the backsplash and the manufacturer of the tile? gorgeous kitchen!
output: backsplash. can you provide the information on the backsplash and the manufacturer of the tile? love the backsplash. thanks!

input: can you please provide: 1) over backsplash tile brand/name?
target: this is my favorite kitchen every! can you please provide: 1) over backsplash tile brand/name? 2) is the countertop quartz or real marble? 3) lighting brand/name? thanks so much!
output: this is my favorite kitchen every! can you please provide: 1) over backsplash tile brand/name? 2) over backsplash tile brand/name? 2) chairs with seating 8 at bench. 5 chairs. 5) chairs

input: can you provide basic dimensions of the space?
target: can you provide basic dimensions of the space? beautiful space! looking for overall dimensions to determine if i can do something similar is remodel
output: dimensions. can you provide basic dimensions of the space? and sq footage?

input: can you give specifics about the flooring?
target: can you give specifics about the flooring? thx in advance. can you give specifics about the flooring? thx in advance.
output: flooring. can you give specifics about the flooring? beautiful!

input: where are the pendants from?
target: where are the pendants from? i love these pendants and have been searching for something similar. any info is appreciated. thanks!
output: where are the pendants from? i love these pendants and have been searching for something similar. any info is appreciated. thanks!

input: what is the size of the sitting bar?
target: hello! what is the size of the sitting bar? i’m remodeling my kitchen and this bar seems to have the perfect size.
output: hello! what is the size of the sitting bar? i'm ordering a bar, and i'm ordering a 42" bar that will have to be raised. thanks.

input: where did you get the bar stools from 4038284409 i’m in calgary alberta.
target: where r the bar stools from. 4038284409 . where did you get the bar stools from 4038284409 i’m in calgary alberta. what is the price.
output: where r the bar stools from. 4038284409. where did you get the bar stools from 4038284409 i’m in calgary alberta. what is the price.

input: could you tell me the manufacturer of counter stools?
target: beautiful kitchen and island. could you tell me the manufacturer of counter stools? thank you!
output: counter stools. could you tell me the manufacturer of counter stools? thank you!

input: can you tell me what type of stone it is and the name if possible.
target: floor tile . hi gustavo, i love the floor tiles. they are beautiful. can you tell me what type of stone it is and the name if possible. thanks for talking to me this morning. bernadette
output: floor tile. hi gustavo, i love the floor tiles. can you tell me what type of stone it is and the name if possible. thanks

input: can you tell me who makes the tile and what the name if it is?
target: can you tell me who makes the tile and what the name if it is? can you tell me the name and manufacturer of the floor tile. it is beautiful.
output: can you tell me who makes the tile and what the name if it is? i have looked at hundreds of photos and everyone looks at. this looks like a great kitchen. thank you for your help.

input: can you tell me about the cabinets?
target: cabinets . can you tell me about the cabinets? hard to determine from photo if they are more of a gray color or wood stained (is island and wall same?). thank you.
output: cabinets. can you tell me about the cabinets? hard to determine from photo if they are more of a gray color or wood stained(is island and wall same? ) . thank you.

input: they'll be helpful when building our own home next year.
target: no question just a comment . what an amazing kitchen!!! it's one of my top 3 favorite kitchens on houzz!! i imagine the rest of the house is just as beautiful. the owners are very fortunate. thank you for answering so many design questions. they'll be helpful when building our own home next year.
output: no question just a comment. what's the question? it's beautiful. and in other words if it is, is it tile?

input: and as far as the dover pulls is that the same pull on the refrigerator and what size?
target: what size are the brass pulls on the cabinets and refrigerator? what size are the brass pulls on the cabinets and refrigerator? this is my inspiration kitchen.i am beginning a remodel. not sure if i should go with 6 or 8 inch pulls on cabinets. and as far as the dover pulls is that the same pull on the refrigerator and what size? thank you
output: what size are the pull pulls on the cabinets? what size are the cabinets? and as far as the dover pulls is that the same pull on the refrigerator and what size? all beautiful!

input: does the hood range touches the ceiling?
target: upper cabinets. are the upper cabinets 60” or taller? does the hood range touches the ceiling? thank you.
output: upper cabinets. are the upper cabinets 60”or taller? does the hood range touches the ceiling? thanks

input: what is the height of the upper cabinets?
target: beautiful kitchen . the ceiling height is 12’. what is the height of the upper cabinets? is it greater than 60”? gorgeous design! thank you.
output: measurements. what is the height of the upper cabinets? measurements? thanks.

input: who manufactured the cabinets?
target: who manufactured the cabinets? love the glass cabinets! lovely!
output: who manufactured the cabinets? thanks!

input: is it 42" or 48" walking space around the island?
target: what is the dimensions of this kitchen please? it looks at least 18' in length ?. is it 42" or 48" walking space around the island? thank you.
output: this is a beautiful space! is it 42" or 48" walking space around the island? this is such a beautiful space!

input: may i also know the height of this ceiling?
target: ceiling height . may i also know the height of this ceiling? thank you.
output: ceiling height. may i also know the height of this ceiling? thanks!

input: this ceiling looks higher so i can't decide if i should order the largest size pendant shown here or if they would be too large for the ceiling height and i should get the medium size instead.
target: love the pendants over the island . i am having a house built and would like to incorporate elements from this kitchen including the glendale pendants. my island will be 10 feet long and the ceiling is 10 feet high. this ceiling looks higher so i can't decide if i should order the largest size pendant shown here or if they would be too large for the ceiling height and i should get the medium size instead. what would you recommend?
output: ceiling. this ceiling looks higher so i can't decide if i should order the largest size pendant shown here or if they would be too large for the ceiling height and i should get the medium size instead. and what is the ceiling height?

input: around where i'm from, it's a general myth that kitchen windows should not be too high, a myth i have been trying to disprove.
target: kitchen windows . around where i'm from, it's a general myth that kitchen windows should not be too high, a myth i have been trying to disprove. your kitchen drives my point in totally. light is of great importance in a kitchen space especially natural ones. very lovely design, the colour contrast is very nice too. implementing this colour scheme in a modern kitchen would definitely be a killer.
output: is there a ceiling ceiling too high? around where i'm from, it's a general myth that kitchen windows should not be too high, a myth i have been trying to disprove. your kitchen is beautiful.

input: how would you space these fixtures (side to side and front to back) and how many would you use?
target: light fixture spacing. i absolutely love this kitchen. your attention to detail is inspiring! you have been so kind about answering questions. your expertise is much appreciated! we are in the midst of new construction and have a kitchen island that is 10' x 5'. half of the width is sink/work space. the other half is counter height seating. i have selected three crystorama 9011 masefield pendants. they are 9" wide by 24.5" high. our ceilings are 10'. i was going to leave about 23" between each fixture and the ends of the counter. do you think i need to add a forth fixture, or is this adequate? we have quite a bit of recessed lighting in the kitchen but i don't want the lighting for the large island to look too sparse . or too cramped. how would you space these fixtures (side to side and front to back) and how many would you use? thanks!!
output: these are integrated fixtures. how would you space these fixtures(side to side and front to back) and how many would you use? thanks.

input: can you please let me know who built your hood.
target: hood . can you please let me know who built your hood. great job on your kitchen. the hood is stunning.
output: hood. can you please let me know who built your hood. thanks

input: can you tell me what the height is between the range and the hood?
target: beautiful kitchen! can you tell me what the height is between the range and the hood? we are planning a remodel and my tall husband doesn’t want to hit his head on the hood but we want it to be low enough to work efficiently.
output: range dimensions. this kitchen is stunning! can you tell me what the height is between the range and the hood?

input: may i know the manufacturer or brand of the hardwood floor please?
target: brand of the floor . may i know the manufacturer or brand of the hardwood floor please? how thick is it and where can i get it? thank you!
output: can i get custom floors that finish easy? may i know the manufacturer or brand of the hardwood floor please? i am looking for comfortable comfortable, comfortable room.

input: is it practical for the working triangle to cover so much distance?
target: large triangle . we are planning a new construction west indies style home and this kitchen is my inspiration. i love everything about it! our kitchen dimensions are similar in length ( sink wall), but narrower in width. we can make it work with a smaller island. my concern is the distance from the refrigerator to the range. is it practical for the working triangle to cover so much distance?
output: dimensions of the triangle? is it practical for the working triangle to cover so much distance? also, what is the dimensions of the triangle? we are thinking of something similar. thank you.

input: where did you hide the a/c return and supplies.
target: hvac supply and return . where did you hide the a/c return and supplies. the kitchen is so glamorous! i can't find them anywhere!
output: hvac supply and return. where did you hide the a/c return and supplies. i have a 72" ceiling. thanks for answering all the questions.

input: also, if you know who made the awesome chairs for the island??
target: color of cabinets . can you tell me the color of both cabinets and island? also, if you know who made the awesome chairs for the island?? beautiful kitchen!
output: can you please tell me the cabinet pulls, chairs, and chairs. also, if you know who made the awesome chairs for the island? ? beautiful kitchen!

input: going for an "old world" ship wreck with a modern twist look.try and explain that!?
target: stunning . best on houzz! i have looked at thousands of kitchens over the last few weeks looking for that one kitchen that i can use for inspiration as we start our remodel. i see bits and pieces here and there but until this kitchen, not one said "pick me"! every detail, scale, materials, color, etc. are perfection. we are doing a shore house, so we'll "beach" it up, but i was struggling with every beach house pic being all white or aqua. going for an "old world" ship wreck with a modern twist look.try and explain that!? elegant, yet casual/whimiscal. this kitchen gives me a great starting point! no questions, just kudos and thank you. many blessings to the family who will gets to enjoy this wonderul space!
output: is there a pantry door with a fridge? trying to put open shelves on one side of the ship and without a pantry. going for an" old world" ship wreck with a modern twist look. try and explain that! ?

input: curious on faucet details/brand?
target: great design! question on faucets . curious on faucet details/brand? and sizes
output: faucet details/brand? and faucet details please! i am trying to achieve this look in my kitchen and this kitchen is my inspiration.

input: can you tell me the colors you used?
target: love this kitchen! love the contrast of cabinet colors. can you tell me the colors you used?
output: love this kitchen! can you tell me the colors you used? thanks

input: can you tell me how much space you left on each side (the smaller side.
target: other island dimension . i see the island is 90” x 90”. can you tell me how much space you left on each side (the smaller side. where only one stool fits) and/or how wide the stools are?
output: other island dimension. i have a kitchen with 36" , 36" ceilings. can you tell me how much space you left on each side(the smaller side. where only one stool fits) and/or how wide the stools are?

input: am 5'2 and the sitting area looks really low will it work for my height comfortably without me always punching over?
target: about the sitting area . am 5'2 and the sitting area looks really low will it work for my height comfortably without me always punching over? apart from that every thing from detail,colours , accessories everything is absolute perfection!.)
output: am 5' 2 and the sitting area looks really low will it work for my height comfortably without me always punching over? this is one of my top 3 favorite kitchens!

input: can you share the type of stone for the island?
target: island stone . can you share the type of stone for the island? make, model etc.
output: can you share the type of stone for the island? what is the stain color? thanks.

input: where did you buy them/brand?
target: pendant lights? love the beautiful pendants over the island. where did you buy them/brand? thank you in advance!!
output: counter stools? love the counter stools. where did you buy them/brand? thanks!

input: how high aff are they hung please?
target: pendant height . your selection of island poendants are drop dead gorgeous. how high aff are they hung please? thank you.
output: pendant height. how high aff are they hung please? thanks.

input: can you please tell me the island width, length, and the height.
target: want to know the island dimensions? can you please tell me the island width, length, and the height. thanks for answering all the questions.
output: width of island and ceiling height. can you please tell me the island width, length, and the height. and the height of the ceiling. thanks

input: what color are the dark cabinets?
target: cabinet color, beautiful . beautiful kitchen! what color are the dark cabinets?
output: dark cabinets. what color are the dark cabinets? and what kind of wood?

input: really the whole kitchen leaves me breathless .
target: cabinet pulls . i can't believe no one has asked the question about the cabinet pulls, brand and selection. the choices and alternate colors are stunning. really the whole kitchen leaves me breathless . can't take my eyes off it!
output: really the whole kitchen leaves me breathless. can you tell me a secret, but i can't find my pentagram? i read through it. hoping to get perspective on the photo. thanks

input: what brand are the windows?
target: details about the windows . what brand are the windows? are they double hung?
output: windows. what brand are the windows? are they stained or clear? thanks

input: what is counters material and sconces?
target: designs by sheron . you have paved the way.beautiful bravo! what is counters material and sconces?
output: counters. what is counters material and sconces? thanks

input: also what color is the black kitchen paint?
target: backsplash and paint . what is the kitchen tile backsplash? also what color is the black kitchen paint?
output: backsplash and paint. what is the backsplash tile? also what color is the black kitchen paint?

input: can you tell me where island kitchen lights came from?
target: kitchen island lights . can you tell me where island kitchen lights came from? they are fabulous!
output: kitchen island lights. can you tell me where island kitchen lights came from? thanks

input: can you provide information on the flooring used in this house.
target: flooring . can you provide information on the flooring used in this house. i love it!
output: flooring. can you provide information on the flooring used in this house. i love how it goes with the cabinet space. thanks

input: are the countertops quartz?
target: are the countertops quartz? if so what brand/color? thank you
output: are the countertops quartz? if so what is the material? thank you.

input: i was also wondering if the sink was directly opposite the stove and what the distance is between island and stove.
target: what are the island sink measurements? i was also wondering if the sink was directly opposite the stove and what the distance is between island and stove. in other words if there is someone at the stove and another person at the sink at the same time,is it cramped?
output: what is the island sink? this is beautiful! i was also wondering if the sink was directly opposite the stove and what the distance is between island and stove. in other words if there is someone at the stove and another person at the sink at the same time, is it cramped?

input: can you please provide details about the flooring?
target: flooring details please . gorgeous! can you please provide details about the flooring? thanks!
output: flooring. can you please provide details about the flooring? thanks!

input: what brand of storage shelving is this?
target: pantry shelving . what brand of storage shelving is this? i like that you can customize the height of the shelves depending on your needs.
output: what brand of storage shelving is this? i love the cabinet shelving and am looking for something just like this. thank you!

input: anyone know what this product is?
target: i’m interested in the kitchen brick. looking for a new brick similar to this vintage look. anyone know what this product is?
output: i’m interested in the kitchen brick. looking for a new brick similar to this vintage look. anyone know what this product is?

input: is the wood area above the sink hand painted or tiled?
target: lovely kitchen! is the wood area above the sink hand painted or tiled? i have 1 ft paneled soffit that matches my red birch cabinets. visually, it works, but i would love to figure out a way to make more that area attractive. this is gorgeous. can you tell me how this look was achieved? thanks so much!
output: lovely kitchen! is the wood area above the sink hand painted or tiled? i have 1 ft paneled soffit that matches my red birch cabinets. visually, it works, but i would love to figure out a way to make more that area attractive. thank you

input: hi can you tell me about the feature wall in wood?
target: wooden wall . hi can you tell me about the feature wall in wood? is that just laminated pieces stuck onto drywall? how/where can i get these materials?
output: wooden wall. hi can you tell me about the feature wall in wood? is that just laminated pieces stuck onto drywall? how/where can i get these materials?

input: how were the concrete floors finished?
target: concrete floor finish . how were the concrete floors finished? are they polished concrete? what grit? was a color used?
output: concrete floor finish. how were the concrete floors finished? are they polished concrete? what grit? was a color used?

input: what is the material used above the stove?
target: white wall above stove. this house is beautiful!! what is the material used above the stove? thank you
output: white wall above stove. this house is beautiful! ! what is the material used above the stove? thank you

input: where did you acquire the orange chairs from ?
target: where did you acquire the orange chairs from ? the orange chairs are wonderful. where can i find them?
output: where did you acquire the orange chairs from? the orange chairs are wonderful. where can i find them?

input: where are the windows and the door(s) in front of the kitchen island from?
target: where are those awesome windows/doors from? thanks! where are the windows and the door(s) in front of the kitchen island from? they're great!
output: where are those awesome windows/doors from? thanks! where are the windows and the door(s) in front of the kitchen island from? they're great!

input: who makes it please!
target: wall art! i love it! who makes it please!
output: wall art! i love it! who makes it please!

input: what material was used on the wooden wall?
target: what material was used on the wooden wall? is this a flooring product? what species of wood is it?
output: what material was used on the wooden wall? thanks. what material was used on the wooden wall? thanks

input: how can i achieve a similar colour/finish for the floors?
target: floor colour . how can i achieve a similar colour/finish for the floors? is it a particular colour stain?
output: floor colour. how can i achieve a similar colour/finish for the floors? is it a particular colour stain?

input: could you please share the dimensions of this island?
target: island dimensions . could you please share the dimensions of this island? beautiful kitchen! thank you.
output: dimensions. could you please share the dimensions of this island? thanks!

input: what is the gray paint color in the back by the mud room?
target: gray paint color . what is the gray paint color in the back by the mud room? thanks so much!
output: gray paint color. what is the gray paint color in the back by the mud room? thanks

input: would you be able to tell me the distance between the countertop and the hood, as well as the distance from the wall to the edge of the hood.
target: hood dimensions from countertop and back wall. would you be able to tell me the distance between the countertop and the hood, as well as the distance from the wall to the edge of the hood. the whole kitchen is lovely . every detail! thanks!
output: dimensions from countertop and back wall. would you be able to tell me the distance between the countertop and the hood, as well as the distance from the wall to the edge of the hood. the whole kitchen is lovely. thanks!

input: would you be able to tell me the variety of your soapstone countertops,as well as the source .
target: what is the variety of soapstone countertops and source? would you be able to tell me the variety of your soapstone countertops,as well as the source . they are lovely. and i really like what you did with the backsplash to compliment the counters. thanks!
output: countertops. would you be able to tell me the variety of your soapstone countertops, as well as the source. thank you.

input: island stone.
target: i love the backsplash color. island stone. boulevard series, breeze co
output: i love the backsplash color. island stone. boulevard series, breeze co

input: what is the ceiling height and width of crown?
target: what is the ceiling height and width of crown? i have a similar size range wall and love this hood ca and cabinet combo! beautiful kitchen!
output: what is the ceiling height and width of crown? i have a similar size range wall and love this hood ca and cabinet combo! beautiful kitchen!

input: would you kindly tell me what is the brand and style of the hardware?
target: hardware . would you kindly tell me what is the brand and style of the hardware? your projects are classically beautiful.
output: hardware. would you kindly tell me what is the brand and style of the hardware? your projects are classically beautiful.

input: hi, i was wondering where the backsplash tile was from?
target: tile? hi, i was wondering where the backsplash tile was from? thanks! beautiful kitchen :)
output: tile? hi, i was wondering where the backsplash tile was from? thanks

input: i live in the chicago area and would love to know where this soapstone came from.
target: where did you get this beautiful soapstone? i live in the chicago area and would love to know where this soapstone came from. thank you so much!
output: where did you get this beautiful soapstone? i live in the chicago area and would love to know where this soapstone came from. thank you in advance!

input: have they been treated with any wax or oil?
target: what kind of soapstone is this? has it been treated? i love the soapstone counters, mostly because they are not as dark as those i usually see. have they been treated with any wax or oil?
output: what kind of soapstone is this? has it been treated? i love the soapstone counters, mostly because they are not as dark as those i usually see. have they been treated with any wax or oil?

input: what is the length used by the side by side ovens?
target: side by side ovens . what is the length used by the side by side ovens? how much lower cabinets space is needed?
output: side by side ovens. what is the length used by the side by side ovens? how much lower cabinets space is needed?

input: what type of stone is on the counters?
target: countertops . what type of stone is on the counters? love light fixtures too. who makes them? thanks
output: countertops. what type of stone is on the counters? who manufactures it?

input: could you tell me the dimensions of the island?
target: island dimensions? could you tell me the dimensions of the island? thanks!
output: dimensions. could you tell me the dimensions of the island? thanks.

input: where are they from?
target: pendant lights . beautiful pendant lights. where are they from? thank you
output: love the floors? where are they from? what type and style?

input: three kids and an all white kitchen?
target: 3 kids? three kids and an all white kitchen? what are they thinking???
output: 3 kids? three kids and an all white kitchen? what are they thinking? ? ?

input: where can i order them?
target: love the chairs. where are they from? i am looking for white swivel counter.height chairs with upholstered seats. these really fit the bill! where can i order them?
output: love the chairs. where are they from? i am looking for white swivel counter. height chairs with upholstered seats. these really fit the bill! where can i order them?

input: do you have a source for that you can share?
target: metal trim on trash cabinet . i’ve noticed that on all of your trash cabinets you have a nice metal trim piece to protect the cabinet. do you have a source for that you can share? i’d love to add that to my own kitchen.
output: metal trim on trash cabinet. i love the white picket pickets and the gray tile. do you have a source for that you can share? i'd love to figure out a way to make them both attractive.

input: what brand vent did you use under hood?
target: range hood . what brand vent did you use under hood? depth?
output: range hood. what brand vent did you use under hood? depth?

input: can i purchase these wingback dining chairs or are they custom?
target: wing dining chairs . can i purchase these wingback dining chairs or are they custom? thanks
output: wing dining chairs. can i purchase these wingback dining chairs or are they custom? thanks

input: where has the community been?
target: where has the community been? searching for 1 year . i have been searching for a year for a double stainless sink with a low divide which did not exist,. people talking me in getting it custom for over $3k or talking me out of a double sink. where have you been? its too late now and i am sorry about it. looks like a great stainless custom company.
output: where has the community been? searching for 1 year. i have been searching for a year for a double stainless sink with a low divide which did not exist, . people talking me in getting it custom for over$ 3k or talking me out of a double sink. where have you been? its too late now and i am sorry about it. looks like a great stainless custom company.

input: may i ask who did the custom sink?
target: may i ask who did the custom sink? also, what are it’s dimensions? wonderful kitchen! thank you for sharing these images. i am inspired so greatly.
output: may i ask who did the custom sink? also, what are it’s dimensions? wonderful kitchen!

input: can you tell me how far off the stove that the hood is placed?
target: love the tile up to the hood! can you tell me how far off the stove that the hood is placed? it looks like the perfect height. thank you
output: love this kitchen! can you tell me how far off the stove that the hood is placed? thank you.

input: hi, could you tell me what kind of wood and stain color was used for the tall cabinets shown on the back left side of this photo.
target: tall cabinets . hi, could you tell me what kind of wood and stain color was used for the tall cabinets shown on the back left side of this photo. they are beautiful !!
output: tall cabinets. hi, could you tell me what kind of wood and stain color was used for the tall cabinets shown on the back left side of this photo. they are beautiful!

input: what is the wood andamp.
target: floors . what is the wood andamp. stain?
output: floors. what is the wood andamp. stain?

input: love the windows, do u know the brand?
target: love the windows, do u know the brand? looking for an energy efficient wall of windows in same configuration. do the windows open? thanks so much!
output: love the windows, do u know the brand? looking for an energy efficient wall of windows in same configuration. do the windows open? thanks so much!

input: what are the dimensions of the table and can you tell me anything about how it is supported.
target: love the table attached to the island! what are the dimensions of the table and can you tell me anything about how it is supported. we are considering something similar but want to be sure we support it correctly. thanks so much!
output: love this table. what are the dimensions of the table and can you tell me anything about how it is supported. we are considering something similar. thank you.

input: please email details for faucets .what finish?what brand and style?
target: faucet information please . please email details for faucets .what finish?what brand and style? also with satin finish for granite is it still sealed? does it show fingerprints? thanks
output: faucets. please email details for faucets. what finish? what brand and style? also, the soapstone countertops? thank you.

input: might you have a recommendation?
target: cheryl scruggs, dallas, texas . hi linda, your work is stunning! i need to keep my cabinets a little lighter than sw 7514 as my space is much smaller than this kitchen and dark. might you have a recommendation?
output: cheryl scruggs, dallas, texas. hi linda, your work is stunning! i need to keep my kitchen and the shelves cool. might you have a recommendation?

input: i was wondering if your pictures could be uploaded in my website to give my customers ideas?
target: own business . i'm opening my own kitchen and bath design business. i was wondering if your pictures could be uploaded in my website to give my customers ideas?
output: i was wondering if your pictures could be uploaded in my website to give my customers ideas? i was wondering if your pictures could be uploaded in my website to give my customers ideas?

input: i'm certain i can't afford them but could you at least avail me of the original purpose?
target: what were vintage bar stools created from? this looks like some kind of machinery with a marble/granite seat appended and i just can't place it. i'm certain i can't afford them but could you at least avail me of the original purpose? thanks much!
output: what were vintage bar stools created from? this looks like some kind of machinery with a marble/granite seat appended and i can't place it. i'm certain i can't afford them but could you at least avail me of the original purpose? thanks.

input: can i ask you the profile of the perimeter countertop?
target: profile of the countertop . can i ask you the profile of the perimeter countertop? btw, i am inspired by your work all the time.
output: profile of the countertop. can i ask you the profile of the perimeter countertop? and is the depth of the edge? thanks

input: is the wall color the same as the island color?
target: wall color . is the wall color the same as the island color? if not could you please tell me.
output: wall color. is the wall color the same as the island color? what is the material?

input: the problem that i'm facing is my master bedroom furniture is dark cherry wood and i have no clue what to do with paint, carpet, add on, etc.
target: colour scheme for dark cherry wood . i am moving into a new home. and my colour scheme for majority of my home is black, white, grey, light and dark purple, with turquoise. the problem that i'm facing is my master bedroom furniture is dark cherry wood and i have no clue what to do with paint, carpet, add on, etc. please help
output: i am moving into a new home. and my runner up to white dove cabinets is going to be 36" . i have 36" and i want white dove cabinets with brushed white and gloss on tile. the problem that i'm facing is my master bedroom furniture is dark cherry wood and i have no clue what to do with paint, carpet, add on, etc. please help

input: also, what is the stain color used on your picture of the door?
target: ceiling. the darker beams with the lighter wood pieces. colors or stains. it is me from texas again. trying to recreate your awesome ceiling. you have been so sweet to answer questions. is the sw urbane bronze the paint of the larger beams. no stain? and burnt hickory is color of the stain of the lighter pieces. the tounge and groove part? also, what is the stain color used on your picture of the door? thanks soon much!
output: door. this is a beautiful kitchen! what is the stain color used on your picture of the door? also, what is the stain color used on your picture of the door?

input: i see you listed the name for the lighter color on the ceiling but what is the stain for the dark beams?
target: the darker beams? amazing!!!!! love what you have done. i see you listed the name for the lighter color on the ceiling but what is the stain for the dark beams? building a house in dallas texas!
output: the darker beams? i see you listed the name for the lighter color on the ceiling but what is the stain for the dark beams?

input: what is the stain color?
target: ceiling beams stain? i like the coolness of the lighter colored ceiling beams. what is the stain color? many thanks!
output: countertop material. i love this kitchen! what is the stain color?

input: how can anyone be so creative?
target: breathtaking! breathtaking. how can anyone be so creative?
output: breathtaking! breathtaking. how can anyone be so creative?

input: would love it in my kitchen.
target: i love the paint color! would love it in my kitchen. brand and color please!! thanks
output: i love the paint color! would love it in my kitchen. where can i get it? thanks.

input: what is the color used on the walls?
target: beautiful!!!! absolutely stunning! what is the color used on the walls?
output: wall color. what is the color used on the walls? it is beautiful.

input: where did you get the pendants?
target: pendants . where did you get the pendants? make?
output: pendants. where did you get the pendants? what is the material?

input: what type of material is this countertop, please?
target: countertop material . what type of material is this countertop, please? i like the matte finish in contrast to the island's shiny surface.
output: countertop materials? what type of material is this countertop, please? i like the matte finish in contrast to the island's shiny surface. thanks!

input: can you tell me brand and color of cabinet hardware?
target: cabinet hardware . this is a fantastic kitchen! can you tell me brand and color of cabinet hardware? thank you!
output: cabinet hardware. this is a fantastic kitchen! can you tell me brand and color of cabinet hardware?

input: can you share the brand and source of the large pedants above island?
target: can you share the brand and source of the large pedants above island? love these light fixtures. great remodel!
output: can you share the brand and source of the large pedants above island? love these light fixtures. great remodel!

input: did you paint the cabinets that were there?
target: kitchen island . beautiful kitchen. did you paint the cabinets that were there? i would also like to know the measurements of the island in feet if possible. thank you
output: kitchen island. beautiful kitchen. did you paint the cabinets that were there? i would also like to know the measurements of the island in feet if possible. thank you

input: is there a z frame on the back or any suggestions on the backside?
target: pantry door question . how have the pantry doors held up in regard to warping? do you know how this is mounted so it can be replicated? is there a z frame on the back or any suggestions on the backside?
output: pantry door question. how have the pantry doors held up in regard to warping? do you know how this is mounted so it can be replicated? is there a z frame on the back or any suggestions on the backside?

input: how big is the opening of the door?
target: door size . how big is the opening of the door? thanks.
output: door size. how big is the opening of the door? thanks.

input: we are building a similar pantry and out builder and cabinet company are having a really hard time figuring out what type of hinge.
target: hinges . what type of hinges are used for the pantry doors to open in? we are building a similar pantry and out builder and cabinet company are having a really hard time figuring out what type of hinge. thank you so much for your help!
output: hinges. what type of hinges are used for the doors to open in? we are building a similar pantry and out builder and cabinet company are having a really hard time figuring out what type of hinge. thank you for your help!

input: how are they mounted, in that it doesn't appear to me to be a conventional door frame?
target: i'd like to ask about the pantry doors . how are they mounted, in that it doesn't appear to me to be a conventional door frame? are they top and bottom cabinet doors joined somehow? could this be accomplished with stock, but nice quality, cabinets? really like that look.and would appreciate a reply.
output: i'd like to ask about the pantry doors. how are they mounted, in that it doesn't appear to me to be a conventional door frame? are they top and bottom cabinet doors joined somehow? could this be accomplished with stock, but nice quality, cabinets? really like that look. and would appreciate any help.

input: monochromatic all white and or same shade of stain for floor and cabinets?
target: if the cabinets are dark stain then the floor is lighter stain? likeit . creating a very small open concept kitchen. would this color scheme work for me or is the best choice. monochromatic all white and or same shade of stain for floor and cabinets? confused on creating a vision of space .
output: if the cabinets are dark stain then the floor is lighter stain? likeit. creating a similar layout in our kitchen. would this color scheme work for me or is the best choice. monochromatic all white and or same shade of stain for floor and cabinets?

input: curious to know who made the cabinets.
target: so beautiful. curious to know who made the cabinets. such a fresh look!
output: so beautiful. curious to know who made the cabinets. such a fresh look!

input: where did you source the hanging/suspended shelves?
target: hanging glass and brass shelves? congratulations on a beautiful design! where did you source the hanging/suspended shelves? thank you.
output: hanging glass and brass shelves? congratulations on a beautiful design! where did you source the hanging/suspended shelves? thank you.

input: if you wouldn’t mind sharing the dimensions of the hood, i’d be most appreciative.also, are the vertical strips in chrome or stainless?
target: can you please share the dimensions of the hood? you have been incredibly gracious in answering everyone’s questions and sharing your resources.thank you. this kitchen, by far is a favorite amongst us houzz viewers and deserves all of the accolades! i’ve tried to find an answer to this question but i’m not sure it’s been asked. if you wouldn’t mind sharing the dimensions of the hood, i’d be most appreciative.also, are the vertical strips in chrome or stainless? happy new year!
output: can you please share the dimensions of the hood? you have been incredibly gracious in answering everyone’s questions and sharing your resources. thank you. this kitchen, by far is a favorite!

input: what is the size of the island?
target: beautiful kitchen! what is the size of the island? i'm considering three of the same light fixtures for my very long 13.5' x 3.5' island. i have 9' ceilings. the exact dimensions of these lights are 15" x 25.75". thank you for any insight you can provide as this is the best visual i can use to plan for my new space!
output: love everything. all white yet warm. what is the size of the island?

input: what is the brand and model of that faucet?
target: what is the brand and model of that faucet? what is the brand and model of faucet here? i love *everything* about this kitchen! it's gorgeous but also looks like someone could actually live here and enjoy the space. beautiful job!
output: faucet model. what is the brand and model of that faucet? thank you!

input: lantern pendants over island in kitchen, what is the brand?
target: what is the brand of the lantern pendants over the island? lantern pendants over island in kitchen, what is the brand? or at least the descriptor?
output: lanterns and lantern fixtures. what is the brand? lantern pendants over island in kitchen, what is the brand?

input: what brand and style is the cabinet hardware?
target: cabinet hardware . what brand and style is the cabinet hardware? thank you! beautiful kitchen!
output: cabinet hardware. what brand and style is the cabinet hardware? thanks!

input: what color was used on the white cabinetry?
target: cabinet color . breathtaking kitchen! what color was used on the white cabinetry?
output: cabinet color. what color was used on the white cabinetry? thanks

input: what is it?
target: beautiful island countertop. what is it? need to know the brand and the style of the countertop
output: countertops. i love the countertop on the perimeter. what is it?

input: who makes it?
target: stunning hood!! who makes it? thank you
output: love the cabinet hardware. who makes it? thanks

input: any suggestions?
target: i have a smaller space for my pantry, any suggestions./ . i have a smaller space for my pantry. any suggestions?
output: i have a smaller space for my pantry, any suggestions. /. i have a smaller space for my pantry. any suggestions?

input: did you start with any base cabinets and build off?
target: base cabinets? did you start with any base cabinets and build off? where did you get the shelving that is adjustable? beautiful use of space!
output: base cabinets? did you start with any base cabinets and build off? where did you get the shelving that is adjustable? beautiful work!

input: how deep is this pantry?
target: how deep is this pantry? love the look of the pantry in first photo. how deep is it?
output: how deep is this pantry? love the look of the pantry in first photo. how deep is it?

input: are the shelves on the far right anchored to the wall at all?
target: pocket doors with shelving . are the shelves on the far right anchored to the wall at all? i'm wondering because it seems like the screws would get in the way of the pocket door and either scratch it up or keep it from opening all the way.
output: pocket doors with shelving. are the shelves on the far right anchored to the wall at all? thanks

input: what is the time to do this job and a very rough estimate of the work .
target: what is the time to do this job and a very rough estimate of the work . closet in my kitchen that looks to roughly about the size of your pic, i am interest in getting something just like your picture but if possible would really appreciate a very rough estimate to do the job, and the turnaround time. also to have the outlet installed would i be the one to get an electrician/ please any and all information would be greatly appreciated. thank you
output: what is the time to do this job and a very rough estimate of the work. thanks.

input: is there any electrical outlets within?
target: is there any electrical outlets within? location of the kitchen? i like the use of a butler's pantry, along with using this space for food prep. it would be nice to have power to use the small appliances, and to have a sink for clean up.
output: is there any electrical outlets within? location of the kitchen? i like the use of a butler's pantry, along with using this space for food prep. it would be nice to have power to the stove above the stove. as well, as well as the dining room, this entire space is open to the curious. any advice would be appreciated. thanks!

input: still would like to know where to buy the shelving.
target: pantry shelves . i love this pantry. where did you purchase the curved corner shelves? my pantry is 48" wide x 24" deep. i would ask for design assistance but i am in minnesota. still would like to know where to buy the shelving. thanks!
output: pantry shelves. i love this pantry. where did you purchase the curved corner shelves? still would like to know where to buy the shelving. thanks

input: are the baskets on rollers and do they pull out to take to the kitchen counter.
target: basket drawers . are the baskets on rollers and do they pull out to take to the kitchen counter. what is the dimension. where can i buy them?
output: basket drawers. are the baskets on rollers and do they pull out to take to the kitchen counter. what is the dimension. where can i buy them?

input: are there any blueprints that can be purchased so that it could be built?
target: i need extra space in my kitchen and this pantry would be a great addition. i would have to have someone build it in for me. are there any blueprints that can be purchased so that it could be built?
output: i need extra space in my kitchen and this pantry would be a great addition. i would have to have someone build it in for me. are there any blueprints that can be purchased so that it could be built?

input: are they stained a specific color?
target: i love these wood floors! what kind of wood is it? are they stained a specific color? .julie
output: i love these counter tops and backsplash! what is the stain? are they stained a specific color?

input: any thoughts on how to best organize this space .
target: my pantry is in the sloped side of an a . frame . any thoughts on how to best organize this space . it is accessible by a single door. the space is about 10 ft long 3 ft wide at the bottom
output: any any thoughts on how to best organize this space. it is open concept. what is the dimensions of the room?

input: do you think this beautiful and functional pantry would be possible to build and still look great and be functional if it was only 36 inches deep?
target: do you think this beautiful and functional pantry would be possible to build and still look great and be functional if it was only 36 inches deep? i have a small, u.shaped, 12 x 12 kitchen and hate to encroach into the room any more than necessary. but, i do love this piece. i wouldn't need any drawers!
output: do you think this beautiful and functional pantry would be possible to build and still look great and be functional if it was only 36 inches deep? i have a small, u. shaped, 12 x 12 kitchen and hate to encroach into the room any more than necessary. thanks!

input: where is the kitchen island from?
target: island . where is the kitchen island from? is it custom built?
output: island. where is the kitchen island from? is it custom built?

input: where did you find it?
target: lighting . love the light. where did you find it?
output: love the pot rack! where did you find it? thank you.

input: either way, does anyone know where i can get some of it?
target: tile . i read on one of the other posts that this mizu tile is discontinued. does anyone know if that is true? either way, does anyone know where i can get some of it? i absolutely love it and cannot find it anywhere. thanks in advance for the help!
output: tile. i read on one of the other posts that this mizu tile is discontinued. does anyone know if that is true? either way, does anyone know where i can get some of it? i absolutely love it and cannot find it anywhere. thanks in advance for any help you can provide.

input: was there soffit above the sink that was taken out?
target: was the window there or part of the design. love it. was there soffit above the sink that was taken out?
output: was the window there or part of the design. love it. was there soffit above the sink that was taken out?

input: what is the backsplash tile (not walker zanger)?
target: what is the backsplash tile (not walker zanger)? this tile is not walker zanger mizu pebble. my tile expert in santa barbara says he has all their samples, and this is not made by them. whose makes the backsplash tile? i'd like to know asap, as we are starting our remodel soon and want to be sure it's still available.
output: backsplash. what is the backsplash tile(not walker zanger) ? and what is the finish?

input: is it painted or stained and exact color and manufacturer if possible.
target: beautiful kitchen! love, love, love it! does anyone know the color of the island? is it painted or stained and exact color and manufacturer if possible. thank you!
output: beautiful cabinets. can you please tell me the stain on the cabinets? is it painted or stained and exact color and manufacturer if possible. thank you.

input: can you tell me the name of the custom cabinet company.
target: can you tell me the name of the custom cabinet company. i live in the sf bay atea. thank you.
output: can you tell me the name of the custom cabinet company. i live in the sf bay atea. thank you.

input: hello.would you happen to know the name of the paint color on the cabinets?
target: hello.would you happen to know the name of the paint color on the cabinets? beautiful kitchen. thanks!
output: hello. would you happen to know the name of the paint color on the cabinets? thank you.

input: what is the price tag on a kitchen like this but about 1/2 the size?
target: what is the price tag on a kitchen like this but about 1/2 the size? i am in need of remodeling my mother's kitchen and wonder if this is even possible. do you work in the fresno area?
output: what is the price tag on a kitchen like this but about 1/2 the size? i am in need of remodeling my mother's kitchen and this is my dream kitchen. what is the price tag on a kitchen like this but about 1/2 the size? thanks

input: is it common to match your prep sink faucet with your main faucet?
target: can you please tell me the manufacturer of that sink faucet? source? is it common to match your prep sink faucet with your main faucet? thanks!
output: is it common to match your prep sink faucet with your main faucet? and what is the color of this sink faucet? it's beautiful

input: can you tell me the color you put for the bath backsplash?
target: what is the name of the subway tile and color? can you tell me the color you put for the bath backsplash? thank you.
output: bath backsplash. can you tell me the color you put for the bath backsplash? thank you.

input: please let me know where i can purchase the cabinet handles.
target: love the handles . please let me know where i can purchase the cabinet handles. i'm i able to buy them directly through you? thanks so much.
output: handles. please let me know where i can purchase the cabinet handles. i'm i able to buy them directly through you? thanks.

input: also, what did you use to finish it off?
target: subway tile selection . that subway tile has a very nice glimmer to it. is that glass tile or typical ceramic? also, what did you use to finish it off? that little thin strip on the tulip of the birch pattern in the little section between the cabinets. thanks!
output: subway tile selection. this kitchen is gorgeous! also, what did you use to finish it off? that subway tile was recommended for 5 years!

input: could you please tell me where you purchased the pendants over the island.
target: kitchen island lights . could you please tell me where you purchased the pendants over the island. thank you.
output: kitchen island lights. could you please tell me where you purchased the pendants over the island. thanks.

input: could you tell me about the tile used over the stove?
target: kitchen tile . could you tell me about the tile used over the stove? thank you!
output: tile. could you tell me about the tile used over the stove? thank you!

input: can you please tell me the dimensions of the island?
target: can you please tell me the dimensions of the island? incl. overhang?
output: dimensions. can you please tell me the dimensions of the island? thanks!

input: could you please tell me what type floors these are?
target: floor . could you please tell me what type floors these are? i love them!
output: floors. could you please tell me what type floors these are? i am putting in alder cabinets in my kitchen and this color is my inspiration.

input: can you please tell me the color used on the island?
target: island cabinet color . can you please tell me the color used on the island? thank you!
output: island cabinet color. can you please tell me the color used on the island? thank you

input: what material / name is the counter?
target: love the counter. what material / name is the counter? thanks!
output: counter. what material/name is the counter? thanks.

input: how many different size pulls did you use in this project?
target: pulls . how many different size pulls did you use in this project? how did you decide which size to use? struggling with this in my own kitchen. so gorgeous!!
output: pulls. how many different size pulls did you use in this project? how did you decide which size to use? struggling with this in my own kitchen. so gorgeous!

input: im wondering how hygienic is this?
target: sanitary and hygienic standards . im wondering how hygienic is this? cutting up food over the garbage area.not very healthy to me.
output: sanitary and hygienic standards. im wondering how hygienic is this?

input: where did the garbage/chopping block pullout come from?
target: where did the garbage/chopping block pullout come from? custom? i'd like some info on the chopping block and garbage pullout hardware. was it an insert purchased by the homeowner or custom built for this space. if there's a website for these items that would be appreciated. thanks!
output: where did the garbage/chopping block pullout come from? custom? i'd like some info on the chopping block and garbage pullout hardware. was it an insert purchased by the homeowner or custom built for this space. if there's a website for these items that would be appreciated. thanks!

input: was the trash/bread board accessory from the cabinet manufacturer?
target: was the trash/bread board accessory from the cabinet manufacturer? i'm using decora cabinetry and it does not have the "hole in the cutting board" option. i'm hoping yours was from a 3rd party vendor. any information would be appreciated. thank you!
output: was the trash/bread board accessory from the cabinet manufacturer? i'm using decora cabinetry and it does not have the" hole in the cutting board" option. i'm hoping yours was from a 3rd party vendor. any information would be appreciated. thank you.

input: is there a benefit to using the 4” backsplash that’s the same as the counter, rather than just using the subway tile?
target: why the 4” countertop backsplash? is there a benefit to using the 4” backsplash that’s the same as the counter, rather than just using the subway tile? does it perform better? more functional?
output: why the 4”countertop backsplash? is there a benefit to using the 4”backsplash that’s the same as the counter, rather than just using the subway tile? does it perform better? more functional?

input: would like to know what the countertop manufacturer and style is.
target: jpmommy . would like to know what the countertop manufacturer and style is. interesting in using this in my kitchen.
output: countertop manufacturer. would like to know what the countertop manufacturer and style is. thanks

input: could you tell me how wide the cupboards/counter segments beside the range are?
target: cupboard beside range . could you tell me how wide the cupboards/counter segments beside the range are? thanks
output: cupboard beside range. could you tell me how wide the cupboards/counter segments beside the range are? thanks

input: distance from countertop to botton of micro.would this work for me?
target: am 5"2" would i be able to use micro!? would like to put micro over counter as shown. no stove below. distance from countertop to botton of micro.would this work for me?
output: micro. this is a beautiful kitchen. would this work for me?

input: what wood and stain color make up the cabinets?
target: what wood and stain color make up the cabinets? love the look! perfect blend of traditional and modern.
output: what wood and stain color make up the cabinets? it looks like oak or beech. thanks

input: who is the cabinet island manufacturer and floor manufacturer?
target: who is the cabinet island manufacturer and floor manufacturer? i would like to know the color of both as well. and, is the floor hardwood or laminate.
output: who is the cabinet island manufacturer and floor manufacturer? and flooring? i would like to know the cabinet color and manufacturer. thanks

input: could you please tell me the size of the island.
target: kitchen island . could you please tell me the size of the island. i have a very similar sized kitchen and always thought it was too narrow for an island.
output: i love this kitchen. could you please tell me the size of the island. i have a very similar sized kitchen and always thought it was too narrow for an island. thanks.

input: could you tall me the name, brand of the refrigerator.
target: refrigerator . could you tall me the name, brand of the refrigerator. is it counter depth? beautiful kitchen!
output: refrigerator. could you tall me the name, brand of the refrigerator. is it counter depth? beautiful kitchen!

input: what is the name and brand of the color gray on the cabinets?
target: what is the name and brand of the color gray on the cabinets? love the warmth of the gray tone. great kitchen!
output: what is the name and brand of the color gray on the cabinets? love the warmth of the gray tone. great kitchen!

input: what brand is the faucet?
target: faucet . what brand is the faucet? thank you
output: faucet. what brand is the faucet? thank you

input: do you happen to know the color on the cabinets?
target: do you happen to know the color on the cabinets? love! cabinets
output: do you happen to know the color on the cabinets? love! cabinets

input: please share who makes them backsplash.
target: gorgeous. please share who makes them backsplash. it’s stunning!
output: gorgeous. please share who makes them backsplash. it's stunning!

input: if i may ask, where is the refrigerator?
target: beautiful! if i may ask, where is the refrigerator? thank you.
output: if i may ask, where is the refrigerator? what is the material? is it laminate?

input: what kind of tile was used for the backsplash?
target: backsplash . greetings. what kind of tile was used for the backsplash? thanks in advance!
output: backsplash. greetings. what kind of tile was used for the backsplash? thanks

input: where can i find the granite and is it expensive?
target: i like the granite of the counter top. what is the name of it . where can i find the granite and is it expensive? thank you! nadia
output: i like the granite of the counter top. what is the name of it. where can i find the granite and is it expensive?

input: i was wondering who did the cabinetry for you?
target: stunning! this is breathtaking. i love it. i was wondering who did the cabinetry for you? thank you!
output: stunning! this is breathtaking. i love it. i was wondering who did the cabinetry for you?

input: i’m wondering, are colored painted bathroom cabinets too farm house style?
target: too farm house style? my house was built in 1991 and is contemporary style. we bought it chiefly for the location. waterfront with an amazing view. the house is fraught with difficult decorating issues, and i have been chipping away at it for the 20 years we have lived here, with resale value in the back of my mind. right now i am updating the bathrooms. i’m wondering, are colored painted bathroom cabinets too farm house style? they are currently painted white and in good condition, but i don’t like the all white look
output: too farm house style? my house was built in 1991 and is contemporary style. we bought it chiefly for the location. waterfront with an amazing view. the house is fraught with difficult decorating issues, and i have been chipping away at it for the 20 years we have lived here, with resale value in the back of my mind. right now i am updating the bathrooms. i

input: what is the flooring and can you provide product details?
target: homeowner in cleveland . what is the flooring and can you provide product details? beautiful job!
output: homeowner in cleveland. what is the flooring and can you provide product details? beautiful job!

input: what kind of marble is it?
target: countertop . love the look of this counter top! what kind of marble is it?
output: countertop materials? what kind of marble is it? engineered? pewter?

input: if tile, who makes it?
target: what is the flooring? is it wood? or tile? if tile, who makes it?
output: flooring. what is the flooring? if tile, who makes it?

input: these lights are so gorgeous, i searched all fixtures on build.com and did not see them, are they custom?
target: where did you find the pendant lights? are they custom? these lights are so gorgeous, i searched all fixtures on build.com and did not see them, are they custom? they would be perfect for my newly renovated space. thank you so much.
output: where did you find the pendant lights? are they custom? these lights are so gorgeous, i searched all fixtures on build. com and did not see them, are they custom? they would be perfect for my newly renovated space. thank you so much.

input: who makes cabinet pulls and brass table legs?
target: gorgeous! who makes cabinet pulls and brass table legs? thanks!
output: gorgeous kitchen. who makes cabinet pulls and brass table legs? thanks!

input: love to know where the brass island legs are from.
target: the brass island leg supports? custom made or? amazing detail! love to know where the brass island legs are from. thanks!
output: the brass island leg supports? custom made or? amazing detail! love to know where the brass island legs are from. thanks!

input: wondering if you can provide the color of the cabinets?
target: color of the cabinets? wondering if you can provide the color of the cabinets? thank you :)
output: wondering if you can provide the color of the cabinets? thank you!

input: who makes these stools?
target: who makes these stools? gorgeous! stools
output: who makes these stools? gorgeous! stools

input: care to share the source?
target: love the rug! where can i get it? i love this rug. i’ve been looking for one to coordinates with one i already have. care to share the source? gorgeous choice for this space
output: what a beautiful rug! where can i get it? i love this rug. i’ve been looking for one to go with. what kind of rug is it? care to share the source? thanks!

input: can you please tell me what the beige wall color is?
target: beautiful room! can you please tell me what the beige wall color is? name of wall color
output: beautiful room. can you please tell me what the beige wall color is? name of wall color

input: i'm getting new counters and will have a similar situation but i can't envision how the 2" pieces on the outside of the column are seamed.
target: counter top seams at column . how was this counter top seamed with the column? i'm getting new counters and will have a similar situation but i can't envision how the 2" pieces on the outside of the column are seamed. i don't want a bunch of small seams. and i would think that those pieces would be fragile. thanks
output: counter top seams at column. how was this counter top seamed with the column? i'm getting new counters and will have a similar situation but i can't envision how the 2" pieces on the outside of the column are seamed. i don't want a bunch of small seams. and i would think that those pieces would be fragile. thanks

input: any suggestions on how to achieve this look while still having the necessary strength.
target: weathered beams . we are looking for weathered beams like this but we also need them to be true support beams. any suggestions on how to achieve this look while still having the necessary strength. thank you!
output: weathered beams. we are looking for weathered beams like this but we also need them to be true support beams. any suggestions on how to achieve this look while still having the necessary strength. thank you!

input: what is the ceiling height here?
target: ceiling difficulties . what is the ceiling height here? we have a ranch home that we are getting ready to use this same layout on but are limited by 8 foot ceilings. thanks! jennifer
output: ceiling. what is the ceiling height here? i have a 9 foot ceiling that is 10 feet. and what is the ceiling height here?

input: could you please share it with me?
target: love the cabinet color. could you please share it with me? i want green cabinets andamp. our home is under const. can you please share the color?
output: love the cabinet color. could you please share it with me? i want green cabinets andamp. the cabinets are perfect.

input: what are those countertops called?
target: countertops . what are those countertops called? are they laminate?
output: countertops. what are those countertops called? are they laminate?

input: could you give details on the faucet?
target: homeowner . could you give details on the faucet? love the slimmed look.
output: kitchen faucet. could you give details on the faucet? thanks!

input: who built the kitchen cabinets?
target: who built the kitchen cabinets? looking for a local cabinet builder with this shaker look in mind. they are beautiful!
output: who built the kitchen cabinets? looking for a local cabinet builder with this shaker look in mind. they are beautiful!

input: what brand and color of stain was used?
target: stain . what kind of wood is the floor? what brand and color of stain was used?
output: stain. what kind of wood is the floor? what brand and color of stain was used?

input: where did you get it from?
target: what kind of soapstone? where did you get it from? minas? barroca?
output: what kind of soapstone? where did you get it from? what is it?

input: style, color, price and manufacturer?
target: window treatment . the door or window treatment in background. style, color, price and manufacturer? we have a home on a bay on the sea of cortez with 66 panes or should i say pains of glass. and some are in need of treatments.
output: window treatment. the door or window treatment in background. style, color, price and manufacturer? we have a home on a bay on the sea of cortez with 66 panes or should i say pains of glass. and some are in need of treatments. thanks

input: can a flat top roof of this era be lifted or replaced to open the ceilings up?
target: flat top roof . i'm planning on buying a 1950s northern california flat top pearson home. the bank will not finance to others due to the ceilings are too short. can a flat top roof of this era be lifted or replaced to open the ceilings up?
output: flat top roof. i'm planning on buying a 1950s northern california flat top pearson home. the bank will not finance to others due to the ceilings are too short. can a flat top roof of this era be lifted or replaced to open the ceilings up?

input: what is the wood of flooring?
target: flooring? awesome view, comfortable design. what is the wood of flooring? red cedar again? thanks.
output: flooring? what is the wood of flooring? and is it made of?

input: where did you buy those lights?
target: lights . where did you buy those lights? and how much were they?
output: lights. where did you buy those lights? and how much were they?

input: what was used?
target: table finish . i love the finish on the wood table. what was used? thanks
output: table finish. i love the finish on the wood table. what was used? thanks

input: what is source or brand of these stools.
target: what is source or brand of these stools. exact ones! i really would like to find these. not similar, but these!
output: what is source or brand of these stools. exact ones! i really would like to find these. not similar, but these!

input: where are the bar stools from?
target: bar stools . love this kitchen! where are the bar stools from?
output: where are the bar stools from? and, the chairs? thank you

input: can you tell me what the island cabinet color is .
target: island cabinet color ? can you tell me what the island cabinet color is . love it . in the process of planning a kitchen remodel. thank you
output: island cabinet color? can you tell me what the island cabinet color is. love it. in the process of planning a kitchen remodel. thank you

input: what thickness is the island countertop?
target: what thickness is the island countertop? how about the main counter? we are remodeling our kitchen and we love the look of a thick countertop. we are being told by are designer not to go thicker that 1.1/4" but we are not sure that will give us the desired look. any information would help, thanks.
output: what thickness is the island countertop? how about the main counter? we are remodeling our kitchen and this kitchen is my inspiration.

input: would the look work too if all cabinets were grey?
target: what is the flooring? and color of the grey cabinets? love the whole look! would the look work too if all cabinets were grey?
output: what is the flooring? and color of the grey cabinets? i'm going with a similar look and would like to match. it's stunning!

input: i know there is a showroom in austin, tx but cannot get there.
target: where to buy this exact countertop . where can i buy this countertop in tx. i know there is a showroom in austin, tx but cannot get there. is there another way to buy.
output: where to buy this exact countertop. where can i buy this countertop in tx. i know there is a showroom in austin, tx but cannot get there. is there another way to buy.

input: would love to get the manufactorer and color information for it.
target: hardwood . is this hardwood or lvp? would love to get the manufactorer and color information for it. thand you!
output: hardwood. is this hardwood or lvp? would love to get the manufactorer and color information for it. thand you!

input: where did you find the mirror and the sconces?
target: where did you find the mirror and the sconces? love this bathroom look! i just ordered delta champagne bronze plumbing fixtures for my master bathroom and want to get a mirror and sconces that mesh well. i'd love to know the ones you used, if you don't mind sharing.
output: mirror and sconces. where did you find the mirror and the sconces? love this bathroom look!

input: what size are the sinks, where did you buy them and what is the measurement of your vanity across ?
target: where did you find the sinks, i am deperate to find small sinks!! i need to fit two sinks into a 48" vanity, this week, and i am having alot of trouble! please help. what size are the sinks, where did you buy them and what is the measurement of your vanity across ?
output: sinks. i love this kitchen! what size are the sinks, where did you buy them and what is the measurement of your vanity across?

input: what is the paint color on all of the cabinets?
target: what is the paint color on all of the cabinets? i have looked through all of the pictures and haven't been able to determine the paint color on all of the cabinets. would you mind sharing? thank you!
output: what is the paint color on all of the cabinets? i have looked through all of the pictures and haven't been able to determine the paint color on all of the cabinets. would you mind sharing? thank you!

input: i am a designer trying to match delta champagne bronze plumbing fixtures' finish to the shower door hinges and frames.
target: what is and how did you match the plumbing hardware to shower hardwar . i am a designer trying to match delta champagne bronze plumbing fixtures' finish to the shower door hinges and frames. how did you match your plumbing so well with the shower hardware?
output: i am a designer trying to match delta champagne bronze plumbing fixtures' finish to the shower door hinges and frames. how does the plumbing hardware match the plumbing hardware? is it a metal piece?

input: could you tell me where the stools are from please.
target: stools . hello great apartment. could you tell me where the stools are from please.
output: stools. could you tell me where the stools are from please. thank you.

input: could you please tell me the info on the pendants?
target: pendants? love the look of this kitchen. could you please tell me the info on the pendants? thank you in advance.
output: pendants? this is a great kitchen. could you please tell me the info on the pendants? thank you.

input: what colors are in backsplash?
target: what colors are in backsplash? my tiles look similar grey,rust on beige. i have a marble grey kitchen table and brown maple colour cupboards. bored and needed to change the cupboard color. grey looks good but not sure can paint the mdf boards
output: what colors are in backsplash? my tiles look similar to mine(although smaller) . i have a marble countertop. i hope i can achieve this look. thanks.

input: is this a separate cooktop and oven or a combined range?
target: what is included in the cooktop/range? is that a warming drawer on top of the oven? is this a separate cooktop and oven or a combined range?
output: is this a separate cooktop and oven or a combined range? if the two ranges are separate, what is the finish? is this a separate cooktop and oven or a combined range? it's stunning!

input: i see you say from emtek, but wondering if you know exact style?
target: pulls and knobs . can you tell me the style number of the pulls and knobs? i see you say from emtek, but wondering if you know exact style?
output: pulls and knobs. can you tell me the style number of the pulls and knobs? i see you say from emtek, but wondering if you know exact style?

input: i can’t seem to find it anywhere in toronto.
target: backsplash tile . i lovee the backsplash!! i can’t seem to find it anywhere in toronto. do you know where i could buy it from?? thanks!
output: backsplash tile. i lovee the backsplash. where can i buy it? i can’t seem to find it anywhere in toronto.

input: i have what looks to be a similar size but i won't be able to reach anything at the top of the cabinet!
target: ceiling height? can you tell me the height of the ceiling please? i have what looks to be a similar size but i won't be able to reach anything at the top of the cabinet!
output: ceiling height. can you tell me the height of the ceiling please? i have what looks to be a similar size but i won't be able to reach anything at the top of the cabinet!

input: are you able to share the cabinet color?
target: cabinet color . are you able to share the cabinet color? beautiful!
output: cabinet color. are you able to share the cabinet color? beautiful.

input: hi, can you tell me what handles and pulls were used in this kitchen?
target: handles and pulls . hi, can you tell me what handles and pulls were used in this kitchen? thanks
output: handles and pulls. hi, can you tell me what handles and pulls were used in this kitchen? thanks

input: what kind of countertop is it?
target: countertop . love the combination of the cabinets with the countertops. what kind of countertop is it?
output: countertop. what kind of countertop is it? engineered? color?

input: where i can get those?
target: love the backsplash! where i can get those? love the backsplash! where i can get those? thanks!
output: love the backsplash! where i can get those? thanks. love the backsplash. where i can get those? thanks.

input: would you mind sharing the rug details?
target: rug . would you mind sharing the rug details? thank you!
output: rug. would you mind sharing the rug details? thank you!

input: what color are the cabinets and walls?
target: what color are the cabinets and walls? thanks!! color of cabinets and walls.
output: what color are the cabinets and walls? thanks. i have a gray kitchen and i am trying to decide between a true white and an off. white.

input: what is the brand and colour of this floor?
target: what is the brand and colour of this floor? i love this floor. is it hardwood? laminate? not that it matters.just love the colour.
output: what is the brand and colour of this floor? i love this floor. is it hardwood? laminate? not that it matters. just love the colour.

input: where are they from?
target: obsessed with the wood shelves . where are they from? beautiful floating shelves near range
output: love the floors? where are they from? what type and style?

input: could you please tell me the make and model on the cabinet/drawer pulls?
target: drawer and cabinet pulls . could you please tell me the make and model on the cabinet/drawer pulls? thanks!
output: drawer and cabinet pulls. this is a gorgeous kitchen! could you please tell me the make and model on the cabinet/drawer pulls? i am putting in alderder cabinets in our kitchen and would like to know the finish of the cabinets and also the finish on the cabinets. thank you.

input: what tile was used?
target: love the backsplash!!! what tile was used? beautiful!!! thanks
output: love the backsplash! ! what tile was used? is it durable? thanks

input: could you please share the island counter top material and color?
target: what is the island counter top material and color? could you please share the island counter top material and color? thank you!
output: could you please share the island counter top material and color? thank you! beautiful kitchen!

input: anyone have an idea who makes these?
target: pendant lights with the patina finish . i still can’t find the manufacture of these pendant lights. they have a nice patina on them that the kirkwood bell pendant does not have. anyone have an idea who makes these?
output: lighting. i have a 17’tall tall tall lighting. anyone have an idea who makes these?

input: could you please tell me the name/brand of the paint color used on the island?
target: island paint color . could you please tell me the name/brand of the paint color used on the island? beautiful work!
output: island paint color. could you please tell me the name/brand of the paint color used on the island? beautiful work!

input: can someone give me the link to that subway tile and grout used?
target: can someone give me the link to that subway tile and grout used? i have found so many different subway tiles, these seem flat in shape and have a shine. was white grout used? thank you. love this kitchen so much!
output: can someone give me the link to that subway tile and grout used? i have found so many different subway tiles, these seem flat in shape and have a shine. was white grout used? thank you!

input: what type of slides are used?
target: love the pull out counter. what type of slides are used? is it butcher block?
output: love the pull out counter. what type of slides are used? is it butcher block? what color are they?

input: can you please share the countertops .
target: can you please share the countertops . both please. thanks!
output: countertops. can you please share the countertops. both please. thanks!

input: could you tell me the brand and name of the faucet?
target: kitchen faucet questions . could you tell me the brand and name of the faucet? thank you!
output: kitchen faucet questions. could you tell me the brand and name of the faucet? thank you.

input: can you tell me the color and brand of this tile?
target: love this beautiful tile . can you tell me the color and brand of this tile? thank you
output: can you tell me the color and brand of this tile? love the color mix. thank you.

input: where is it from?
target: range hood. what brand? i love the hood! simple and sleek. where is it from?
output: like the backsplash tile very much. where is it from? what style?

input: are the countertop and backsplash the same material?
target: countertop/backsplash . are the countertop and backsplash the same material? what are they?
output: countertop/backsplash. are the countertop and backsplash the same material? what is the material?

input: what's the name of the color please.
target: is this walnut? what's the name of the color please. what's the name of the color please.
output: is there a name for this countertop? what's the name of the color please. what's the name of the color please.

input: can you tell me if these are the goodman large hanging lights or the medium?
target: lighting . can you tell me if these are the goodman large hanging lights or the medium? thanks very much.
output: lighting. can you tell me if these are the goodman large hanging lights or the medium? thanks

input: can you please share the length of the open shelves?
target: open shelving . can you please share the length of the open shelves? thank you so much!
output: open shelving. can you please share the length of the open shelves? thank you.

input: what are the perimeter countertops on the far window wall?
target: love! what are the perimeter countertops on the far window wall? wood?
output: love the kitchen! what are the perimeter countertops on the far window wall? thanks!

input: can you tell me the color of the grout you used with the subway tile backsplash?
target: subway tile grout . can you tell me the color of the grout you used with the subway tile backsplash? thank you!
output: subway tile grout. can you tell me the color of the grout you used with the subway tile backsplash? thank you.

input: can you please give details on the floor (wood, stain, etc), and also give the dimensions of the island and material?
target: love the floors and island! can you please give details on the floor (wood, stain, etc), and also give the dimensions of the island and material? how thick is the island? thank you!
output: floors. can you please give details on the floor(wood, stain, etc) , and also give the dimensions of the island and material? how thick is the island? thank you!

input: what's the material of the hood?
target: love the hood! what's the material of the hood? is it all stainless? thanks!
output: love the hood! what's the material of the hood? is it all stainless? thanks!

input: could you, please, provide the cabinet paint color or stain???
target: amazing project! could you, please, provide the cabinet paint color or stain??? stunning kitchen!
output: could you, please, provide the cabinet paint color or stain? ? ? this is a beautiful kitchen. thank you.

input: can you tell me the dimensions of this island and where you placed the seam?
target: island size and seam . can you tell me the dimensions of this island and where you placed the seam? thank you!
output: island size and seam. can you tell me the dimensions of this island and where you placed the seam? thank you!

input: how did you incorporate receptacles into the island?
target: where are appliance outlets on island? how did you incorporate receptacles into the island? the cabinets appear to surround the island. we are considering a modification that will give us the same issue. appreciate your thoughts!
output: where can i find these? we just remodeled our kitchen and this pantry looks to match our own kitchens. how did you incorporate receptacles into the island? what's behind the sink?

input: how is your countertop and overhang being supported to prevent sagging?
target: how is your countertop and overhang being supported to prevent sagging? my plans call for an 8’8” quartz run with a 13” overhang. your sharing is appreciated
output: how is your countertop and overhang being supported to prevent sagging? my plans call for an 8’8”quartz run with a 13”overhang. your sharing is appreciated

input: what kind and size of refrigerator is this?
target: refrigerator . what kind and size . what kind and size of refrigerator is this?
output: what kind and size of refrigerator is this? what is the material? it is hard to find a small kitchen.

input: can you share where you put the trash and is there a dishwasher?
target: can you share where you put the trash and is there a dishwasher? i love this kitchen. it looks so open and spacious in a small space. thanks for your help.
output: can you share where you put the trash and is there a dishwasher? i love this kitchen. it looks so open and spacious in a small space. thanks for your help.

input: can you share the flooring brand and color?
target: can you share the flooring brand and color? thank you! flooring
output: flooring. can you share the flooring brand and color? thank you

input: does anyone know a color similar to their color “carbon” ?
target: does anyone know a color similar to their color “carbon” ? we are looking to lanny our cabinets and love their carbon color. any similar colors out their that anyone knows of since we can’t color match
output: does anyone know a color similar to their color“carbon”? we are looking to lanny our cabinets and this color works beautifully! i love the countertops!

input: i have this tile and was thinking of grouting with a pewter color?
target: grout color used on backsplash? hello! can’t tell if the grout is light or gray. which is it? i have this tile and was thinking of grouting with a pewter color? thanks!
output: grout color used on backsplash? what is the color on the backsplash? i have this tile and was thinking of grouting with a pewter color?

input: and, what is the distance between the countertop and the wall cabinets and the height of the wall cabinets?
target: stunning home! forgive me if i already posted this.i don't see it and need to change my question anyway! i'm wondering what the height of the ceiling is. and, what is the distance between the countertop and the wall cabinets and the height of the wall cabinets? thanks a million!
output: stunning home! forgive me if i already posted this. and, what is the distance between the countertop and the wall cabinets and the height of the wall cabinets? all beautiful!

input: how high are the ceilings and the wall cabinets?
target: stunning home! how high are the ceilings and the wall cabinets? thanks!
output: ceiling and cabinets. how high are the ceilings and the wall cabinets? thanks!

input: could you share what tile is on the wall?
target: tile . absolutely love this kitchen. could you share what tile is on the wall? thank you!
output: tile. could you share what tile is on the wall? thank you!

input: can you please share the faucet finish and maker?
target: fancy faucet! i'm obsessed with the brass. can you please share the faucet finish and maker? thank you.
output: faucet finish and maker? hi, im just starting the kitchen in the stone kitchen. can you please share the faucet finish and maker?

input: where can i find the cabinet pulls?
target: cabinet hardware . where can i find the cabinet pulls? they are beautiful!
output: cabinet hardware. where can i find the cabinet pulls? they are beautiful!

input: who makes the hood?
target: hood. who makes it? who makes the hood? i need a recirculating range hood and really like this one
output: hood. who makes it? who makes the hood? i need a recirculating range hood and really like this one

input: can you please share the manufacturer of the pendant lighting?
target: pendant lighting manufacturer? can you please share the manufacturer of the pendant lighting? thank you!
output: can you please share the manufacturer of the pendant lighting? what is the manufacturer? supplier? thank you.

input: is there another eating area in this kitchen or is it only at the island ?
target: eating area in the kitchen ? this is beautiful! is there another eating area in this kitchen or is it only at the island ? would you mind sharing the dimensions of the island? thank you!
output: eating area in the kitchen? this is beautiful! is there another eating area in this kitchen or is it only at the island? would you mind sharing the dimensions of the island? thank you!

input: who makes the counter stools.
target: counter stools . who makes the counter stools. where can they be purchased?
output: counter stools. who makes the counter stools. where can they be purchased?

input: will you share the name of the manufacturer?
target: love the table . the room is beautiful. i also like the table. will you share the name of the manufacturer? thank you.
output: i love the table. will you share the name of the manufacturer? this is a great kitchen for this layout.

input: do these, trade sourced?, have a lens below the bulbs?
target: love the kitchen, and lights. do those have a lens at bottom? or not . i can find similar lights at rh but they don't have a lens on the bottom and i am wondering if that will be a problem. do these, trade sourced?, have a lens below the bulbs? thanks!
output: do those topos mount photos? i am trying to achieve this look in my kitchen and this kitchen is my inspiration. do those, trade sourced? , have a lens below the bulbs? i am doing my kitchen in texas and would have preferred to do open shelving, like the picture but the larger one. thank you in advance for your help!

input: where do you find dimensions and a cap for something like that?
target: hole in the island . is the hole in the island for trash access? where do you find dimensions and a cap for something like that?
output: hole in the island. is the hole in the island for trash access? where do you find dimensions and a cap for something like that?

input: can you please share the cabinet paint color?
target: paint color. can you please share the cabinet paint color? thank you. you're very talented and i admire your designs. so much inspiration here!
output: paint color. can you please share the cabinet paint color? thank you. you're very talented and i admire your designs.

input: can you tell use the size of the window?
target: dimensions of this window?? it's beautiful! can you tell use the size of the window?
output: dimensions of this window? ? it's beautiful! can you tell use the size of the window?

input: would love to know brand and color.
target: what type of floors?! what type of floors were used! they are beautiful. would love to know brand and color. thanks!
output: what is the wall color? would love to know brand and color. thanks

Test:
